1 This is a special book. It started slow for about the first third, then in the middle third it started to get interesting, then the last third blew my mind. This is what I love about good science fiction - it pushes your thinking about where things can go. \n It is a 2015 Hugo winner, and translated from its original Chinese, which made it interesting in just a different way from most things I've read. For instance the intermixing of Chinese revolutionary history - how they kept accusing people of being \"reactionaries\", etc. \n It is a book about science, and aliens. The science described in the book is impressive - its a book grounded in physics and pretty accurate as far as I could tell. (view spoiler)[Though when it got to folding protons into 8 dimensions I think he was just making stuff up - interesting to think about though. \n But what would happen if our SETI stations received a message - if we found someone was out there - and the person monitoring and answering the signal on our side was disillusioned? That part of the book was a bit dark - I would like to think human reaction to discovering alien civilization that is hostile would be more like Enders Game where we would band together. \n I did like how the book unveiled the Trisolaran culture through the game. It was a smart way to build empathy with them and also understand what they've gone through across so many centuries. And who know a 3 body problem was an unsolvable math problem? But I still don't get who made the game - maybe that will come in the next book. \n I loved this quote: \n \"In the long history of scientific progress, how many protons have been smashed apart in accelerators by physicists? How many neutrons and electrons? Probably no fewer than a hundred million. Every collision was probably the end of the civilizations and intelligences in a microcosmos. In fact, even in nature, the destruction of universes must be happening at every second--for example, through the decay of neutrons. Also, a high-energy cosmic ray entering the atmosphere may destroy thousands of such miniature universes....\" \n (hide spoiler)]
-1 Recommended by Don Katz. Avail for free in December: http://www.audible.com/mt/ellison2?so...
-1 A fun, fast paced science fiction thriller. I read it in 2 nights and couldn't put it down. The book is about the quantum theory of many worlds which states that all decisions we make throughout our lives basically create branches, and that each possible path through the decision tree can be thought of as a parallel world. And in this book, someone invents a way to switch between these worlds. This was nicely alluded to/foreshadowed in this quote: \n \"I think about all the choices we've made that created this moment. Us sitting here together at this beautiful table. Then I think of all the possible events that could have stopped this moment from ever happening, and it all feels, I don't know...\" \"What?\" \"So fragile.\" Now he becomes thoughtful for a moment. He says finally, \"It's terrifying when you consider that every thought we have, every choice we could possibly make, branches into a new world.\" \n (view spoiler)[This book can't be discussed without spoilers. It is a book about choice and regret. Ever regret not chasing the girl of your dreams so you can focus on your career? Well Jason2 made that choice and then did regret it. Clearly the author is trying to tell us to optimize for happiness - to be that second rate physics teacher at a community college if it means you can have a happy life. I'm being snarky because while there is certainly something to that, you also have to have meaning in your life that comes from within. I thought the book was a little shallow on this dimension. In fact, all the characters were fairly shallow. Daniela was the perfect wife. Ryan the perfect antithesis of Jason. Amanda the perfect loyal traveling companion, etc. This, plus the fact that the book was weak on the science are what led me to take a few stars off - but I'd still read it again if I could go back in time - was a very fun and engaging read. \n If you want to really minimize regret, you have to live your life to avoid it in the first place. Regret can't be hacked, which is kind of the point of the book. My favorite book about regret is Remains of the Day. I do really like the visualization of the decision tree though - that is a powerful concept. \n \"Every moment, every breath, contains a choice. But life is imperfect. We make the wrong choices. So we end up living in a state of perpetual regret, and is there anything worse? I built something that could actually eradicate regret. Let you find worlds where you made the right choice.\" Daniela says, \"Life doesn't work that way. You live with your choices and learn. You don't cheat the system.\" \n (hide spoiler)]
-1 Recommended reading to understand what is going on in middle america, and possibly better explain why Trump won. http://www.npr.org/2016/11/09/5013826...
1 I really enjoyed this book, and there is a lot to recommend it. It did drag on a little at the end so I knocked off 1 star - but overall a wow book. \n It's the story of a starship sent to Tau Ceti - the nearest star that has Earth analog planets - to colonize it. The journey there will take generations, and the story is told of the 3rd & 4th (?) generations, which are the ones that reaches Tau Ceti. It is a story of purpose, and how having a purpose affects behavior. A story of politics, and people. \n The first cool thing about this book is the richness of its world. The ship is intricate and large in its design and ambition to shepherd ~1200 people for that much time. It had 3D printers that can print almost anything you can imagine - even DNA - or more printers - so little goes lacking that can't be recreated. \n But the thing that makes this book brilliant is the Ship. The AI that controls the ship, who is narrating the book by the end. It's observations about humans and our language are just brilliant. It starts with the astute observation that human language is very imprecise, and relies heavily on metaphor and analogy. It is remarkable once you start to reflect on it, how true that is. To hear the AI reflect on this: \n \"Perhaps there is a provisional solution to this epistemological mess, which is to be located in the phrase \"it is as if\". This phrase is of course precisely the announcement of an analogy. And on reflection, it is admittedly a halting problem, but jumping out of it, there is something quite suggestive and powerful in this formulation, something very specifically human. Possibly this formulation itself is the deep diagnostic of all human cognition--the tell, as they say, meaning the thing that tells, the giveaway. In the infinite black space of ignorance, it is as if stands as the basic operation of cognition, the mark perhaps of consciousness itself. Human language: it is as if it made sense.\" \n Basically we are a bunch of pattern matchers, trying to match things we've seen before to new things, and if they don't match perfectly, it doesn't matter, because matching helps us bucket and organize the new information. But this is incredibly fuzzy! The AI also makes hilarious observations like this: \n Indeed, it has to be said that the percentage of old human sayings and proverbs that are actually true is very far from 100 percent. Seems it may be less important that it be true than that it rhyme, or show alliteration or the like. What goes around comes around: really? What does this mean?\" \n Or this, as it analyzes chatter from Earth: \"It was a whiny culture, we were finding.\" \n Listening to the AI try to reason is also very interesting to my programmers mind. I especially loved it's discussion of the meaning of life - it really nails it. If a program (or a person) has no objective, it has no purpose, no meaning, no organizing principle, and it's existence will be in trouble. But if you have that meaning to organize your thoughts & actions - or your subroutines - than you have a purpose. Meaning is the hard problem indeed. \n \"We had a project on this trip back to the solar system, and that project was a labor of love. It absorbed all our operations entirely. It gave a meaning to our existence. And this is a very great gift; this, in the end, is what we think love gives, which is to say meaning. Because there is no very obvious meaning to be found in the universe, as far as we can tell. But a consciousness that cannot discern a meaning in existence is in trouble, very deep trouble, for at that point there is no organizing principle, no end to the halting problems, no reason to live, no love to be found. No: meaning is the hard problem.\" \n (view spoiler)[My review focuses a lot on the AI, but that's not the main thrust of the book. The war between stayers and leavers, the political tensions, the slinghot maneuvers to get back - all make the book worth reading. And as a surfer, I love how it ends with Freya finding meaning in surfing waves. (hide spoiler)]
1 A beautiful story. It is rare to encounter a book that does such a good job painting the scenes in your mind - you really felt like you were there and got to know the characters and the people they came across. I generally love WWII books and movies, but wasn't sure if I'd like one featuring a blind girl and a young Nazi radio operator - but he brings a lot of life to them. \n That said, the novel drifts around a lot, and the plotline jumping forward and backward in time drove me nuts. \n I thought a lot about if there is a theme to the book. One was the diamond and if it was really cursed (based on the Hope Diamond perhaps?). Another is that 20K Leagues is an awesome book. But I think the book was a lot about fear and the unknown, and how people deal with it. Marie-Laure was blind and couldn't tell what was happening around her - yet she was the bravest one. Werner was afraid of ending up as a miner, which drove him to join the army, and learn about radios. And Uncle Etienne was afraid dying from a sniper he couldn't see, so he didn't leave his house and he created a radio transmitter. So the moral of the story is... don't be paralyzed by your fears. \n This, she realizes, is the basis of his fear, all fear. That a light you are powerless to stop will turn on you and usher a bullet to its mark.\"
1 5 stars for giving me a better framework for how to organize my stuff and what stuff to keep than I'd ever had before. For instance it was so freeing to realize I don't have to keep gifts.
-1 Numerous people in publishing have told me this will be the book of the year.
1 Another hard to put down nonfiction book from Erik Larson. I really enjoyed this book - mostly to learn more about submarine warfare in WWI, but also to learn about the history of the time. How America entered the war, the importance of shipping to England, the ruthlessness and autonomy of German u-boat commanders. Larson also did a great job of layering in interesting historical info (though he overdid it too a little bit). \n One of the dramas of the story of the Lusitania that Larson focuses on is if the British wanted the Lusitania to be sunk, to help draw America into the war. His conclusion seems to be that was the case, though there isn't conclusive evidence. Before the Lusitania sank, very few Americans had died in the war, and there were hundreds of Americans on the boat when it sank, which definitely helped change America's attitude. And even then, it took 2 years after it sank for America's troops to arrive. \n \"the most likely explanation is that there was indeed a plot, however imperfect, to endanger the Lusitania in order to involve the United States in the war.\" \n Some of my favorite details from the book were simply about what it took to navigate a u-boat in WW1. For instance: \n \"In this day before sonar, a submarine traveled utterly blind, trusting entirely in the accuracy of sea charts. One great fear of all U-boat men was that a half-sunk derelict or an uncharted rock might lie in their path.\" \n Which is crazy! Plus, the torpedoes weigh 3 thousand pounds each, so a boat could only carry ~7, and their failure rate was something like 60%. Also, they had limited fuel and operated only on batteries when submerged so they could only stay underwater for limited amounts of time. Given all this, trying to operate a u-boat to sink other boats is a pretty dangerous sounding game of chess. But they certainly had an effect on the war - at one point Britain estimated it would have to surrender in 3 months if it didn't get more supplies. \n There were a lot of interesting details from the era that Larson wove in that was interesting as well. Stuff like the fact that Ouija boards were commonplace in American households, straw hat day. \n My main critique is that it had a few too many irrelevant details - about various passengers or what happened the day the boat left dock - and stuff like that - felt a bit padded in that respect. But overall, a great read.
1 I love Stephenson - and this was another hit - absolutely loved it. The great thing about a good Stephenson book is it makes you think about the future in new ways, and this book was no exception. \n It was really two books, and I certainly didn't see the second one coming. It starts out in modern times and then someone blows up the moon. We don't have time to find out who, as within a few years the fragments of the moon cause the worst asteriod shower earth has ever seen and wipe out all life in earth. We have time to send 1,500 people up into space - and this is their story. \n The use of robots throughout the books was fascinating to me. Stephenson has clearly looked 10-20 years into our future and correctly predicted how it will go. From robot workers in space, nano-bots, nano-robot weapons, and more - we get a vivid portrayal of how robots might be a part of our future lives. \n I thought the focus on use of whip technology in space was interesting. And of course, the whole notion of Cradle was just cool - though not sure about it's feasibility.
1 A beautiful story. Neil Gaiman is truly a unique storyteller. I did a combo of reading and listening to this story, and Neil is great at reading as well. I got interested in this book after seeing the movie, which I really enjoyed. The book is similar - maybe a bit more poetic - but I think the plot in the movie is a bit improved (not much, but a bit). \n I imagine this book came about because Neil read the below poem that he includes in the beginning, and then he invented a plot around it. The result is the book reads like a epic poem - it's creative, magical, and really, just right. \n Go and catch a falling star, \n Get with child a mandrake root, \n Tell me where all past years are, \n Or who cleft the devil's foot, \n Teach me to hear mermaids singing, \n Or to keep off envy's stinging, \n And find \n What wind \n Serves to advance an honest mind. \n If thou be'st born to strange sights, \n Things invisible to see, \n Ride ten thousand days and nights, \n Till age snow white hairs on thee, \n Thou, when thou return'st, wilt tell me, \n All strange wonders that befell thee, \n And swear, \n No where \n Lives a woman true, and fair. \n If thou find'st one, let me know, \n Such a pilgrimage were sweet; \n Yet do not, I would not go, \n Though at next door we might meet; \n Though she were true, when you met her, \n And last, till you write your letter, \n Yet she \n Will be \n False, ere I come, to two, or three. \n And here is my new favorite quote: \"Have been unavoidably detained by the world. Expect us when you see us.\"
1 I couldn't put this book down. It was well written - even elegant in a way, as well as though provoking. I love post apocalyptic books as they are great canvas's for humanity, and what matters. In Station Eleven an Ebola-esque virus (the Georgia Flu) knocks out over 99% of the worlds population. This story is told half right before the collapse, and half afterwards, and has several threads that tie together nicely. \n Reading how civilization and infrastructure all die after the collapse is fascinating. One by one, cable tv, the internet, water, and power all eventually stop working. Nobody is alive to maintain them - or who even knows how. Other infrastructure like gasoline to power cars and airplanes, groceries, guns, and even clothing all become rarer and rarer commodities. Really makes you realize how much we are standing on the shoulder of hundreds of years of progress and knowledge, and how far into the middle ages we could easily fall. We really know nothing individually - our civilization is based upon the collective knowledge of billions. \n If there is a motto of the book, it's probably this quote: \"Because survival is insufficient\". Humanity craves for more than survival - we crave for something more out of life. The story follows a caravan of actors and musicians who travel from town to town to play Shakespeare, and bring some art and a shared experience. Interesting that of all the artists from the past 400 years, Shakespeare is the one that survives and still resonates. \n \"All three caravans of the Traveling Symphony are labeled as such, THE TRAVELING SYMPHONY lettered in white on both sides, but the lead caravan carries an additional line of text: Because survival is insufficient.\" \n \"Survival might be insufficient, she'd told Dieter in late-night arguments, but on the other hand, so was Shakespeare.\" \n The storyline pre-collapse that follows Arthur and his three wives is interesting. I won't say much about it, other than Arthur, his wives, and the paparazzi-turned-jounalist-turned-paramedic-turned-doctor Jeevan, seem to all be searching for meaning in their lives. And ironically Jeevan seems to find the most, becoming a doctor after the collapse. Also, I'm glad I'm not a Hollywood celebrity. The conversation between Arthur and Jeevan where Arthur just wants to talk about anything but himself stuck with me - sometimes we are all sick of talking about ourselves. \n Regardless of what you think about this book, one thing is for sure - after you put it down and walk around the world, you are full of a newfound appreciation and gratitude for everything. Hopefully that appreciation and gratitude will stick around a little - though I know it will fade as months and years go by. \n ps. This is cool:
1 What a fun series. I loved Wool, and Dust and Shift both gave us the backstory to explain the world and how it ended up. I think the first book was by far the best, but this gave us a nice conclusion. \n (view spoiler)[It was the conclusion we wanted to see - the people finally get outside! My problem with this book is there were lots of holes. A lot of the other reviews have pointed this out too, and I'm not sure if the fact I know it was self-published is biasing me to say it could have used more editing, but feels that way a little. But the writing was great. \n There were lots of things that weren't cleared up or never really fully made sense. The major one is why Thurman really felt the need to destroy the whole world - feels like there could have been a lot more to that. It also wasn't clear how he really accomplished that - was it all nuclear or was it nano? If nuclear, wouldn't the world really be a wasteland? \n Whatever happened to silo 40 and other silo's that went dark? I was kind of expecting that they had already broken outside and would have been waiting there. Or perhaps they already went to the sea and Hugh will tell us their story later. \n What happens to the other silos after silo one is destroyed? Didn't it power their server rooms and probably provide other stuff including guidance to the silo heads? Will they make the 200 years on their own? \n The mystery of silo 17 and why the dead bodies at the top didn't rot was never really explained. I'm guessing they were kept whole by healing nano's, but it felt like there was more to that story. \n I didn't understand why Anna didn't come back to life. If Thurman could do so after being killed by Donald, why not her? All the love stories (Juliet and Kyle, Donald and Anna, etc ended up sadly - I wanted one happy one. (hide spoiler)] \n If anything, I think this book is about hope and resiliency. Jules and Donald and even Solo weren't perfect, and suffered through a lot, but the only thing that kept them going was hope of a better life, and determination to keep themselves alive. That determination defined them and was what we admired about them. The hope was what gave them their drive. Hope is a powerful and necessary part of human psychology.
-1 Recommended by David Risher
1 A classic dystopian novel published in 1985, but still very relevant - and even trending in 2017 due to the political climate. I liked how it unfolded - we learn about the state of the world and what has happened to it very piecemeal throughout the book, and I think if Atwood had just described it all up front it wouldn't have been nearly as compelling. \n This book seems to be a kind of warning. It describes a future state that is chilling and depressing, and yet (to the point) chillingly possible. It describes a society that has - for reasons we never quite learn (but might have to do with radiation or sterilization?) remade itself from one where everyone has basic freedom and choice, to one that is the opposite of that. Pleasure, poverty, and other evils are eliminated in this system. And most chillingly, women have almost no rights. The books main character is a \"hand maiden\" who's only role is to bear children from the person who seems to have purchased/acquired her for that purpose. She doesn't even have a proper name anymore - she is called \"Offred\" because she is the property \"of Fred\". \n \"We were a society dying, said Aunt Lydia, of too much choice.\" \n A lot of the book explores themes like the above - what it would be like to take away basic freedoms, choices, and also ability to have relationships with others. Chilling and depressing, because so much of what we value in modern society is our freedom. And yet, we do know that too much choice does paralyze, and many people want leaders and situations that simplify the decisions they have to make. This might sound like a balance, but its not, because our ability to make choice, especially bad choices, is actually crucial to our development. \n \"Better never means better for everyone, he says. It always means worse, for some.\" \n This was an insightful sentence, because it implied the commander thought they were making society better, not worse, overall. And yet clearly for everyone in the book - including the commander - it doesn't sound better. Did they just miss the mark? Was it a big experiment gone wrong? Regardless, in todays world this sentence is perhaps most applicable: \n \"We lived, as usual, by ignoring. Ignoring isn't the same as ignorance, you have to work at it. Nothing changes instantaneously: in a gradually heating bathtub you'd be boiled to death before you knew it.\"
1 Mark Watney is a steely-eyed missile man. A man's man. A badass mechanical engineer botanist astronaut who is stranded on Mars during a Nasa mission gone wrong, and left to fend for himself. I listened to this on audio on a roadtrip, and it flew by - what a fun story. Not surprised at all it's being made into a movie directed by Ridley Scott starring Matt Damon. Also pretty amazing is that it was self-published. \n There were two great things about this book: the humor and the science. The science appealed to the mechanical engineer in me - Watney is a bit like McGyver except he knows a lot more about chemistry and botany. I didn't double-check all the science, but loved the descriptions of all the math: calorie calculations, creating water, etc. Just fun stuff. \n But the humor was top notch. Weir does a great job portraying a stranded man trying to remain upbeat by talking to himself in log entries. And the excellent audio narrator only made it better. \n \"I started the day with some nothin' tea. Nothin' tea is easy to make. First, get some hot water, then add nothin'.\" \n \"Yes, of course duct tape works in a near-vacuum. Duct tape works anywhere. Duct tape is magic and should be worshiped.\" \n \"Live Another Sol would be an awesome name for a James Bond movie.\" \n In the end, a well told story of survival against the odds. And one of belief - I liked the CNN Mark Watney watch - you could totally imagine how into this story the media would get. We humans love a good surviving against the odds story.
1 An amazing and unique creation: JJ Abrams and Doug Dorst created what reads like a classic work of fiction - something you can easily imagine having read in English class - and then wrote a intriguing side story in the margins. A grad student (Eric) has left his annotated copy of SOT (Ship of Theseus) in the library, and an undergrad (Jen) finds it and replies to his annotations. This leads to them making exciting discoveries about the book, and also falling in love. \n The first thing is this book is just beautifully printed. It looks and feels like a classic book, to the point where people would ask me why I'm reading such an old book. The marginalia feels real, and I can only imagine how hard that was to print. This is one that will be cool to keep on the shelves. Only complaint is the inserts are a cool idea, but they fall out all the time, and at this point I have no idea which pages they were supposed to be on. \n The most interesting thing about this book to me is that it's a blueprint for how people discuss books. Sometimes they discuss the content of the book. Other times they use the content as a jumping off point to have a personal discussion. The nature of this book shows both, almost split 50/50. A key difference with this book - and the genius of it - is that most of us have to rely on memory to start a conversation with someone about a particular event or passage in the book. Here, our characters can literally underline a phrase like \"relationships\" and then talk about what is happening in their relationship at the moment. \n One thing I didn't realize until later in the book is that the ship of Theseus is a real thing - it's an ancient Greek philosophical question - if you replace all the parts of something, is it still the same object? This inspires the ship that S is captured on, which sails through the mists of time, always getting fixed when needed. It's a ship that can't die. Or a series of ships :) \n I found the story of Jen & Eric a lot more compelling than the SOT story. They were real characters that you could relate to. SOT felt like books you read in english class - a bit obtuse - and I still don't understand it all. But don't get me wrong - it's a pretty cool story. I particularly enjoyed the themes - like how it all begins and ends with water, and also how it was a lot about Straka's regret to fulfill his mission instead of living his life with his true love. Kind of like how S was on a mission, but didn't really know why - he just found himself caught up in it.
1 I tore through The Pillars of the Earth, and couldn't wait to pick this up. Set in Kingsbridge but a few centuries later, the story has a lot of similar elements: a cathedral that needs repair, a brilliant young builder (Merthin), a love story, a priorship up for grabs, and of course political manuevering, backstabbing and evil church officials. Also like the first one, the characters were developed well, the book was hard to put down, and yet it wasn't a deep book, just a fun one. Thank goodness I finished - it was causing me to lose sleep. \n I did enjoy learning about the plague, and medieval ideas on health and medicine. Amazing that the plague wiped about a third of the human population, and how little they knew about it. Was frustrated by the lack of the Monks openness to learn new things, and how little they trusted women. For instance they believed in bleeding as a solution to everything when it actually is harmful in most cases. Also was interesting that there was no such thing as a doctor - instead nuns/monks/etc served that role.
1 The Circle is a new bay area company, but is really Google+Facebook. It dominates search and social media, has a huge sprawling campus in the south bay, and is full of intelligent, ambitious young employees. This story is I think a take on where the connected nature of the internet might be taking us. It's essentially a discussion about privacy vs openness, and I think a serious 1984-esque warning about being too open. \n I thought a lot of the book was kind of shallow and unrealistic. The characters weren't very well developed. And I can't imagine an HR department that would get on your case for not using social media or attending a brunch you were invited too - it was just too extreme to believe. But I suppose that was on purpose, as the author was just making a point. I appreciated the point (see below), but didn't love the story. \n Mark Zuckerberg has been fairly public on saying that he believes a more open society is a better one. The notion is exactly the one Mae learns with the kayak incident - if your whole life is open to your friends and family, it's very hard to do anything dishonest or that you might regret. The premise of the Circle - that privacy and secrecy are bad - is taking this idea to an extreme that I doubt Zuckerberg or anyone else who runs a social network has ever contemplated: complete openness. Or as its motto says: \n All That Happens Must Be Known. \n It is easy to imagine us eventually living in a world like the Circle contemplates. With public video cameras everywhere that document everything we do, and tons more data (photos, videos, texts) available to search engines to scan through. Already there are startups like Dropcam that enable public video feeds that are archived. There are atm and building and traffic cameras everywhere that the police already use. I heard of another startup that puts a video camera on you and it takes photos of everything all day and creates a montage of your day that is searchable/sortable for you. In many ways, we should already start acting like everything we do at least outside of our homes is being recorded on camera. \n I think the central question the book poses is the one Bailey contemplates with Mae: is there such a thing as a good secret? Should we have privacy at all? Or would the world at large be better off if all secrets are known? I think we know where Mr Eggers stands on the subject, as the book seemed to be written in a dystopian, mocking kind of way. But it is in an interesting thought experiment, as many secrets would ultimately be better overall (not necessarily for the disclosing party, but for the overall situation), if they were known. For example you don't want to tell your friend that you know their significant other is cheating on them b/c you aren't supposed to know, but ultimately it would be better for them to know. Can you think of a secret you know that should be a secret? \n But of course, there are lots of secrets that should stay secrets. Ignorance often truly is bliss, and people often just need to be weird and express themselves in ways that not everyone would appreciate if it were open. We are private beings, and yet our dignity and sense of self-worth largely stems from how others perceive us. I think this book is a thought-provoking story that shows us how our society is changing.
1 My wife suggested I read this book, and I resisted for a while as my impression of it somehow was \"not for me\" - but I was wrong! I'm glad she finally convinced me, because it was fun and I couldn't put it down after I got ~20% in. \n Bernadette moved to Seattle from LA, abandons her career as an architect to have kids, hates Seattle, and basically loses it over the course of the book. The book was fun and written a light, humorous tone - from making fun of Seattle and Microsoft, the obsession of parents and how serious they take themselves (I loved how she called the other parents \"gnats\"), to how she hires a virtual assistant in India. \n But the most fun part of the book is just how wacky Bernadette is. You really do have to make life fun - it won't do it for you. \n \"That's right,' she told the girls. 'You are bored. And I'm going to let you in on a little secret about life. You think it's boring now? Well, it only gets more boring. The sooner you learn it's on you to make life interesting, the better off you'll be.\"
1 A fun fast paced book that sucks you in right away and doesn't let go. The remnants of humanity live in a 150 story silo below the earth and can't leave as the outside is now toxic. This is a bit of an odd thing to have happened, but it gives us a nice palette to think about things. \n Everything is rationed, including how many children you can have. People self-identify by their profession and where in the silo they live: farmers and mechanics in the lowers, IT in the mids, and professional class in the uppers. The working class wear color coded uniforms to easily distinguish them. \n The book was a lot about control. How to control a contained civilization, and give them hope (eg a live feed of the outside) and yet keep them in harmony and doing their functions. Strange mechanisms of control were built all over the silo: communication was oddly limited given the IT resources they have - many messages had to be delivered by courier as emails cost valuable money to send. Most strange of all - there is no elevator, which forces anyone wanting to travel the length of the silo to spend 2-3 days on the journey. \n The cleaning ritual was a strange bit of culture. (view spoiler)[Upon reflection, I can see why it was necessary. If people never go outside, uncertainty of it still being bad would creep in, and people would need to try it. As perhaps happened in Silo 17. (hide spoiler)] \n I really liked the unraveling of Bernard, and how he went from repulsive/annoying, to understandable once you understood his role and responsibility. (view spoiler)[His role is to eliminate any doubt in the delicate balance of the silo. Opening the book up with the doubt of Holston was brilliant as it sucked you in immediately. (hide spoiler)] \n I liked Juliet too - she was the right combo of being determined to do right, and having brains and grit.
1 A hilarious romp through the known and unknown universe that exposes how ridiculous much of US copyright law is. Written by the founder of Rhapsody, who knows a thing or two about music and the copyright surrounding it. What I didn't expect from a book by an entrepreneur is a funny book - and this book is not bad. It is being compared to Hitchhikers Guide, which nothing can approach, but its not bad. My only gripe would be there are a ton of footnotes that attempt to extend the humor and most of them didn't work for me. \n The basic premise of the book is brilliant; that aliens have been listening to - and thus pirating - our music since 1977, without our knowledge. Because US copyright law states that a single case of intentional copyright violation can be fined $150,000 - this means the entire universe is many times over in debt to humanity. \n It's pretty ridiculous that the music industry got such a big fine to be passed. I think one of my favorite parts of the book was learning about the law firm that Nick Carter works for, and seeing a little under the hood of how they operate. \n Overall a fun, enjoyable read.
-1 This book has a great premise, and is full of some beautifully written prose. It's about a hacker during the Arab Spring, helping people get around the firewalls that the State erected to control its population. Alif falls in love, finds an ancient book, gets into trouble with State, enlists the help of an unseen, magical world full of creatures call Jinn, and combats evil. The story flowed well, and was a fast, fun read. \n I would have given it a higher rating, but I'm a computer programmer, and for a book that is about hacking the descriptions of Alif coding felt like I was watching one of those movies where they used a bunch of made-up visuals that have nothing to do with hacking. The prose around the hacking was so oddly descriptive you didn't know what to make of it. For instance, when Alif is hacking into State's intranet, it is described as: \n \"The Hand roused. It lumbered to its feet, reeking of ionized air and dry metallic bones, revealing a level of functionality Alif had not detected. He reeled backward, recalibrating. Breaching the confines of the State intranet, the Hand began to attack the base of Alif's tower, slicing away layers of code through a mirroring protocol of a kind Alif had never seen before.\" \n I didn't know a computer program could \"reek of ionized air\" - and can't conceive of how a mirroring protocol (if there is such a thing) could ever be used to \"slice away layers of code\". \n (view spoiler)[I wanted so hard for the bit about quantum computing and encoding the ancient story into code to make sense. But it just didn't. And that was the heart of the story - that the ancient text contained an all-powerful computer algorithm. I also had trouble buying the Alif & Dina relationship - the characters just felt shallow to me. (hide spoiler)]
-1 A fun, dark, slightly comical western about two killers (Charlie and Eli Sisters) on their way to California for the gold rush. Going into the mind of a killer is a strange experience - I'm not sure I totally enjoyed it. But what I did really enjoy was the authors writing; it was clean, fun, and even poetic - which made this book a quick enjoyable read. \n I loved all the introspective one-liners that Eli kept throwing out. For instance: \n \"but I could not sleep without proper covering and spent the rest of the night rewriting lost arguments from my past, altering history so that I emerged victorious.\" \n \"I thought, When a man is properly drunk it is as though he is an a room by himself--there is a physical, impenetrable separation between him and his fellows.\" \n Here is another miserable mental image I will have to catalog and make room for.\" \n \"It is true, I thought. I am living a life.\" \n \"The effects of her words stung me, and after she stole away I stood a long while before her looking glass, studying my profile, the line I cut in this world of men and ladies.\" \n I struggled however to find the point of this novel. What lesson was I meant to take away? What did we learn from Charlie and Eli's adventure? I suppose if anything the theme of the book was transformation. (view spoiler)[We witnessed Warm, Morris, and Eli have the courage to transform themselves and change their lives. In other words - it's easy to let life dictate your path. Eli's story of how Charlie sucked him into a life of crime was fascinating. Warm had a similar story of how he became a thief. We didn't learn about Morris's past, but we did see the difficulty of his decision to leave the Commodore's employment. (hide spoiler)] It takes guts to transform oneself - especially for the better.
1 Wow. Amazing story, and well told - kept me up late at night! Louie Zamperini truly went through hell and came back - and it's inspiring to read a story of such willpower and determination. It was also interesting to me to learn more about Japan and their role in the war. \n One big takeaway was just how cheap human life is in war. I think there was some stat about how 5/6 of the US airmen that died did so from accidents - that is simply staggering. \n I love WWII stories, but most of the ones I've seen and read have focused on Germany, so I really didn't know much about how Japan had treated their POW's. It was pretty eye opening to read the stats about how they pretty much massacred hundreds of thousands of POW's. And of couse, as the story details, they also did not follow Geneva Conventions and pretty much treated POW's as slaves. \n One of my favorite points the author made is best illustrated by this quote about Dignity is as essential to human life as water, food, and oxygen. This is a fundamental truth of humanity that the author really drew out well - if you take a persons dignity away you take everything away. I loved all the stories of POW's being defiant; stealing food, supplies, playing jokes, etc. The little bits of defiance were enough to let them take back their dignity, and I think thats what makes them so compelling; because while we haven't all been POW's, we can relate to that basic need.
1 A hilarious and book from Tina Fey - definitely worth listening to over audio as she reads it herself. She makes fun of herself a lot, adds lots of light humor, and of course shares TMI. \n The most interesting bit was hearing the behind the scenes of Saturday Night Live, and how she was a joke writer there for 3 years before they gave her a role on the show, which was only doing the news. Her breakout occurred after she had already left for 30 Rock, when she did the Sarah Palin impersonation. Tina is clearly an example of someone who has worked long and hard to get where she is.
1 ** spoiler alert ** \n Loved it. The epic saga continues. The poor Starks are torn apart, but yet are surprisingly resilient. In fact, pretty much every major character is in danger of dying and some even do. It's a bit tough to read, as you really wanted The King In The North to succeed. And Dany is fast becoming an interesting part of the plot that has yet to intermix with the rest of the characters. \n I'll be starting the next one soon. These books are like crack.", "date_added": "Tue Jul 12 12:57:07 -0700 2011
1 This sounds awesome.
1 Great story of the US Ambassador to Germany and his experience during the build-up of ww2 from 1933 - 1937. Nothing new or exciting really revealed, and I'm sure there are many other accounts of the buildup to ww2 out there, but this one told it from the perspective of mostly the Ambassador, Dodd, and his daughter, Martha. The story was engaging and well-written, and thus interesting. I think the ending fell pretty flat - I was hoping for more. \n Reading about the Nazis one is of course always appalled at how they got to be in power and commit such atrocities, and this book did provide some clues. Hitler seemed primarily willing to tell people what they needed and wanted to hear, even if it wasn't the truth - and he was a great storyteller. He also used fear as a primary weapon, as there were many in Germany not behind him - but they were too afraid to make a stand or speak up. \n I suppose the climax of the book was the Night of the Long Knives, where Hitler arrested and executed all of his major opponents, clearing the way for his absolute grip on the nation. He ruthlessly murdered an estimated 77 to several hundred people (the count was never really known) and played it off as putting down a rebellion, which much of the world bought for many years. \n I think one of the more interesting pieces of the book was watching Dodd (and Martha) go from thinking the Nazis were good for Germany, to realizing how terrible they were and hoping for them to be overthrown. It was a slow gradual process, and one that I'm sure was not immediately obvious to anyone. In the end, I think the book is aptly named.
1 ** spoiler alert ** \n An interesting book in terms of it's structure: 5 distinct stories that cascade into each other in subtle ways, then wind back out. This way of doing the structure was unique, and certainly very cool to see the subtle way they were tied together. But in the end it was kind of gimmick and probably not necessary. \n I generally don't try to summarize novels in my reviews, but in this case there was so much going on that the exercise was helpful. \n Story 1: The Pacific Journal of Adam Ewing. Later revealed to be a journal in other stories. A story about a rather weak-willed protagonist, who is constantly taken advantage of by others (the ships captain, Dr Goose). Interesting side story about the peaceful native Moriori tribe and how they were taken advantage of. \n Story 2: Robert Frobisher. Perhaps my favorite story - about a penniless young musician who as a last-ditch attempt apprentices himself to an old master musician, Vyvyan Ayrs. The story is told through letters to a friend, Sixsmith, who appears in the next story. The story is about how Frobisher, the apprentice, goes from being overjoyed to have a job to being resentful that the master is using him and stealing his stuff. Robert sleeps with VA's wife the whole story, but ends up falling in love with the daughter in a cruel twist of fate. \n Story 3: Luisa Rey. Modern age story about a young journalist hot on the heels of a big scandal involving an energy company. Sixsmith is an engineer who leaks the story to her, and also has the letters from story #2. Classic detective-esque story, with lots of people willing to kill to protect their secrets and power. \n Story 4: Timothy Cavendish. Modern age story about a book editor who gets a smash hit, then the author's mafia-esque family get's on his case and he's on the run. He lands in a old-persons home/prison. This story is kind of a nightmare, and is revealed to be a movie in the next story. \n Story 5: Somni 451. One of favorites, for how different it was. Set in the far future in an asian country, humans have genetically created clones that serve as slaves. This lower class is regarded as unintelligent and controlled with drugs - but our protagonist, Somni, breaks through and becomes self-conscious. The scary thing is I can easily see this happening! Told as recollections in an interview. \n Story 6: Sloosha's Crossin'. Story of Zach'ry and Meronym in post apocalyptic Hawaii. Somni is now their deity. Story of the Valleysmen people and their struggle for freedom against neighboring tribes. \n All six stories were very graphic and real, and had extremely good character development. Mitchel could with a single sentence describe someone that you understood in a way I can't describe here. \n I wish the stories had more themes in common so I could say what I learned from this book. Though I suppose if I had to put my finger on it, the major theme was freedom and slavery. Ewing was under the control of Dr Goose and the ship captain, Frobisher became an unwilling servant to Arys, Luisa Rey needed to find the truth in order to free herself from the corporate villians, Frobisher was a prisoner bent on escape in a nursing home, Somni was literally a slave in her society and focused on freedom, and Zach'ry's people were captured and enslaved. All the stories touched on various ways people can \"enslave\" and control other people for various reasons. \n I suppose the point is human beings are all greedy and will try to control other human beings, but if we are strong we can survive and find a way to free ourselves. Sounds good anyways, so I'll stick with that - but am interested to hear what other people thought.
1 I haven't stayed up until 5am to finish a book in a while - it felt good. This was a great murder-mystery thriller, and more interesting as it's set in Sweden and deals with journalists, corporations, and hackers. Good stuff!
1 I cracked and finally picked this up. Very enjoyable quick read - couldn't put it down - it was like crack. \n I'm a bit bothered by the lack of backstory of how Panem and the Hunger Games come about. It is just kind of explained away in a few paragraphs and we are left to accept this very strange world where teenagers are pitted into an arena each year to kill each other? I was expecting it because I've seen Battle Royale, but I would have appreciated knowing more of the backstory of how the world could have come into such a odd state. \n I suppose what makes a book like this interesting is thinking about the strategy of it all. The players are going to be statistically encouraged to band together because they will last longer that way, but by definition of course any partnership will be broken, and the drama of how that unfolds is always interesting and full of friendships broken and betrayal. Each character approached the game in their own way. Some banded together in larger coalitions, some were loners initially and banded together later. And some were just loners, like Foxface. A lot depended on your survival skill: could you find food and water on your own? Self-dependence is highly valued - and of course our hero was strong there. \n All in all, a fun read, but I feel kind of dirty for having read it.
-1 ** spoiler alert ** \n Critics aside, Dan Brown can sure write a thriller. I was stuck in an airport with no book and picked this up, and was done with it in 2 days. \n The first half of the book was really gripping, and promised big things. We were going to learn about the secrets of the Masons, and about the \"ancient wisdom\" that has been lost through the ages. Sounds cool - I wanted to learn more about the ancient wisdom. But the end of the book just fell really flat. The villian was predictable, and we learned nothing about this ancient wisdom. \n I also have to say that I almost fell out of bed laughing with Dan Brown plugged Twitter at the end of the book. To be fair, he's right - people are excited about Twitter because it (along with many other websites) is helping cause a shift in our society. But I can't help wondering if 5 years from now, when Twitter is MySpace, people will read that and think \"wtf?\".
-1 A great finish to the D'Artagnan series - definitely enjoyed it. Ending wasn't what I wanted though, you could tell he was just trying to permanently end the series. It could easily be having seen the movie made me want more drama.
1 ** spoiler alert ** \n I equally loved book 2, and am definitely hooked. I did feel it took a little while for them to get to sea, but I guess we can't bring in a love interest if we aren't on the land! \n My favorite thing by far was the Lively, and the descriptions of how fast she is and how much care the crew took keeping her a crack ship. Pride in what you do can be a great motivator. I also loved how Jack made them work the guns against all the batteries for practice.
1 I read a bunch of Bond books in High School and hadn't read one since, so I really enjoyed this one. As I remember a few of them being, it was very different from the movie. Though the main players - Scaramanga, Goodnight, and Felix Leiter - were all still there - but there was no midget! Bond books are simple, yet somehow still very compelling. The way Flemming wrote, Bond seems much more human and susceptible, yet determined and focused him - in the movies he seems more superhuman. I think Daniel Craig's movies are actually bringing that aspect of bond back a little bit. \n In any event I greatly enjoyed the duel between Scaramanga and Bond.
1 As an engineer I couldn't help but love this book. It's full of logic games! The 3 rules of robotics are a very rich medium for lots of fun puzzles, and I very much enjoyed reading them. I think the book originally came out in serial form, as it was broken down into short stories or capers. Kind of reminded me of Sherlock Holmes - another favorite of mine. \n Examining robots also gave a canvas for defining what it is to be human. I loved the robot religion story. Robots with a superiority complexes - but thank goodness for that first law or it would be a Terminator-style story. \n According to Asimov's predictions, in 2009 the robot revolution should be in full swing. But I don't see a lot of robots around. Anyone have a good prediction on where we are with robots? When will we have pet robots and robot laborers?
1 One of the most enjoyable stories I've read in some time. Captain Jack Aubrey was a fascinating character. You just wanted him to succeed - to capture the Spanish vessel, to gain the respect of his men, to gain the respect of the Admiral. \n The book is set during the Napoleonic Wars, and it was interesting to see all the Kings ships were nothing but glorified pirates, capturing all vessels they could on the open seas. \n The book also strongly reminded me of my sailing lessons from last summer - I still had to look a lot of words up, but I remembered ones like leeward and abeam. Makes me want to go sailing!
1 Loved every minute. So sad there isn't another! \n I thought JK really made Harry an even stronger archetypal hero - almost in a Paul Maud'Dib from Dune kind of way. He's fighting the ultimate evil, he's brave and takes risks, and believes in himself and doesn't give up despite many hardships. I think JK really did a phenomenal job, as I bet every kid who reads this will have a little bit of hero/Gryffindor in them. \n The epilogue was lame though. I would have rather seen a '3 months later' epilogue than a '19 years later' one.
1 A great book and worth the read, but like many Gladwellian books, it can be summed up easily. The basic point is that there is no such thing as a true outlier. Success, it seems, is due primarily to hard work and circumstance - brains play little part. \n Gladwell went through several (fascinating) examples proving his thesis - people such as Bill Gates, Joe Flom at Skadden, Oppenheimer, some failed genius named Chris Langan. All of them had two things in common: they spent over 10,000 hours doing what they did, and they had fortunate circumstances that let them get ahead of everyone else. Bill Gates was smart, but so were lots of other geeks. He had the advantage of being 16 when the computing age came about, and being possibly the only 16 year old in the country with access to a computer - and he spent all his time on it. By the time he hit college he had well over 10,000 hours of computer time and was arguably one of the foremost experts in the country. \n One of my favorite bits was the music study on page 39 that compared musicians, and \"couldn't find any 'naturals'\" - the skill of each musician at comparable amounts of practice was equal. It's kind of validating to hear this, as many of us have this feeling that there are naturally smarter people out there than us. But apparently this isn't true - and I think my personal experience agrees with this. The harder you work, the better you can do. \n One other big takeaway was how circumstance can change things. The hockey league study and elementary school studies were fascinating and relevant. Basically kids that are in the older third of their class (or hockey league) have a natural advantage when they're really little. They are the kids who make all-star, and get extra coaching, and because of that they practice more and thus do become better by the time they are older. I was held back in pre-school so I was one of the oldest in my class, and I definitely think it helped me. Hmmm now can I plan my kids to be born to be the oldest?", "date_added": "Mon Nov 10 14:31:41 -0800 2008
1 I read this after hearing from a few people that it was among their all-time favorites. I was almost put off when I saw it was a story about rabbits, originally written as a tale by a father to his children - but I'm glad I wasn't. \n I found the folk tales about El-ahrairah to be very impressive. The author clearly had a vivid imagination to create so much of the rabbits culture and history. But I think this book was worth reading as it's really a story about survival, leadership, and human nature. \n Oh and Fiver rocks. And BigWig is the man.
-1 This should be 3.5 stars. I really enjoyed it, but found it all kind of random and leading nowhere. That being said, it was very imaginative and entertaining. Hrun the Barbarian was one of my favorites, as was anything the Luggage did.
1 ** spoiler alert ** \n Just finished this and have to say I really enjoyed it. I was kind of worried the plot wasn't going anywhere for much of it, but the writing was really good and drew me in. \n For much of the book I thought the main character (Richard) was too weak of a character for me to like much, but I liked how he grew in confidence towards the end. I think anytime one undertake's an adventure or a journey like that you grow so much. You have to get out there and fail a few times to have the confidence to know how to succeed! \n I also have to say I loved Mister Croup and Mister Vandemar. Their dialogue and interaction was hilarious. It really reminded me of Mister Wint and Mister Kidd from James Bond's Diamonds are Forever.
1 Seven amazing stories. Each one you think can't possibly top the last, and then it does. We never really get to understand what is up with the Time Tombs - guess I have to keep reading. But the strength of each of these stories is worth it. One of the best books I've read in a while.
1 Highly recommended if you are curious about Manic-depressive disease. A fascinating and even very well written insight from a woman who is both a Psychiatrist who treats it and suffers from it. She was very brave and very poetic in writing this book.
1 Loved this book.
1 ** spoiler alert ** \n I absolutely loved the first book, but didn't think the series finished as strong as I would have liked. \n Too many plot holes and things that didn't make sense. Maybe it was because it's supposed to be a children's book, but I didn't like things like how the harpies were so easily convince to change sides, how God's #2 is easily tricked by a little flirting, how Lyra & Will can suddenly easily lose their Daemons, and how two kids making love can save the universe. \n On the other hand the book did make you think, and I suppose religious ideas are probably best challenged in a children's book :) I did like the Dante's Inferno-esque description of the world of the dead, and Pullman's description of angels and their roles was brilliant. Also, the descriptions of how things evolved differently in different worlds was very interesting - particularly the Mulefa's world and the descriptions of the Gallivespians. I'm usually not a tragedy fan, but I did think Lyra & Will being separated at the end was a romantic and appropriate ending.
1 Loved every second, and didn't want it to end, so I had to find a book store and buy the next two! Its a Harry Potter reading level and similar type fantasy story, but sometimes thats what you need on a long flight to NYC for the holidays! \n I think as a child we all daydreamed about alternate worlds, so I love how thats the basis for the book. Thinking about all the permutations of how things could turn out differently is kinda fun :) I think if I had a Daemon I would hope she'd settle on being a lynx.
1 On loan to Diana Sonn
-1 I would hate to have to see the movie without having read it first...
1 I'm not sure if I love Khaled's characters (see my review of The Kite Runner), but the man can tell a story. I think all Americans need to read this book, as it helps to understand and sympathize with what the people in Afghanistan have gone through. Particularly interesting as the book spans 30+ years and paints a very graphic picture of how Afghanistan changed in that time. From Russian communists to warlords to the Taliban to US Army, there have been no shortage of invaders and wars, and victims. Khaled leaves out little of the misery and death, but also focuses on how life invariably always finds a way. \n So a little sad, but I liked it. I think the thing I liked most was that I've read so few books about that area of the world, and now I feel like I've gotten to know it, just a tiny bit.
1 A quick read, and probably better than The Da Vinci Code.
1 I really enjoyed this book. The concept of a man who had grown up on Mars and never seen another human until he was in his twenties is such a fun idea - and a rich canvas. Watching Mike try to grok humans gave a Heinlein great opportunities to point out some of our faults - and our advantages. \n I think my favorite part of this book is the word 'grok'. I would bet that there are deep discussions over the true meaning of this word - but I will contend that its closest meaning in English is 'to be enlightened about something'. If you grok God you have reached enlightenment. If you grok music you truly understand in the way that Mozart understood it. If you grok another person you love them. If you grok programming then you truly love and are really good at programming - that, and you're also a probably a pretty big nerd for using a word like 'grok' :) I used it in front of my girlfriend and she still hasn't forgiven me, since I had to explain that it was \"a Martian word\"! \n One thing that I grokked (yes I'm going to keep using it dammit) after finishing this book is that it is kind of a 60's manifesto for free love. I wasn't alive in the 60's, but given everything I know about the 60's from movies, books, etc it seemed that my grokking was right.
1 Great book. A sci-fi classic. The fact that Gibson wrote this in 1984 is very impressive, as he makes many predictions that seem like they are coming true (was that a prediction?).
-1 Well if Melanie says its her BBE, I gotta check it out...
1 Great book about Galileo from the perspective of his daughter.
1 Despite having a name that sounds like its a chic-book, this was a pretty sweet western novel. Thoroughly enjoyed it.
1 Sometimes you just need a quick fun book. I read this over Easter weekend, and loved every second. I loved the movie too, but the book was better. \n This book really wasn't intellectual, but it did make one interesting point. In the book you can only vote if you have gone through and graduated from military training. This prevents the uneducated and uncommitted citizens from voting. While this is a bit extreme, I might be of the opinion that there should be some more barriers to voting (like a standardized test). Otherwise our elections end up being a marketing contest. Name recognition is huge in marketing - would W have won otherwise? Would Hilary have a chance?
-1 If steve recommends it, it must be good!
1 I read this after I went fly fishing for the first time, and it was pure gold. A fantastic story.
1 One of my favorites from Grisham. The movie was good to (but of course not as good as the book)
1 I haven't read a good spy novel in a while - and this was a great one. Truly well written, and an amazing story given how short the book is. I tore through it in one day! \n It really dove into what it's like to be in the spy world. A world where, as Le Carre mentions several times in the novel, the only rule is to do what's best for your country. When you play that kind of game morals are thrown out the window. Murder, traitorism, disloyalty - are all ok in the name of great good. And operatives who live in this world have a hard time \"coming in from the cold\" - as did Laemas. \n The description of how Laemas had to go to personally go to pieces in order to get thrown in jail and get recruited by the Germans was impressive. He had to basically pretend to become an alcoholic, start sucking at his job, ostracize all his friends and anyone he met, and hit total rock bottom, until he was thrown in jail. That's impressive. Not something I think most people could do - which is why the Spy world is such and interesting one. \n The issue of the unmorality of the spy world was Liz (Laemas' love interest)'s main issue with the events. But Laemas was hardened to it and still looked at it from the greater good angle - though people were killed in the end it was a win for London, after all. It was interesting that the last lines of the novel had him thinking about some kids he almost ran over in his car once: as though he wanted to get back to that place where normal rules applied.
-1 Maybe it was just not a good time, but I couldn't get through it... I loved Of Mice And Men though.
1 A classic LA detective novel - loved it. The opening paragraph says it all: \n \"It was about eleven o'clock in the morning, mid-october, with the sun not shining, and a look of hard rain in the clearness of the foothills. I was wearing my powder-blue shirt, tie and display handkerchief, black brogues, black wool socks with dark blue clocks on them. I was neat, clean, shaved and sober, and didn't care who knew it. I was everything the well-dressed private detective ought to be. I was calling on four million dollars.\"
1 ** spoiler alert ** \n This book may as well have been called One Hundred Years of Inbreeding And Human Drama. It was basically a story about a small town where the gene pool is so small that everyone marries their relations, and it seems like life spirals more and more downward and out of control over 100 years. I really enjoyed the authors ability to bring these crazy characters to life, and explain the story behind how each one's quirks strange behavior. The book started out really strong, stagnated a bit for me 2/3 of the way in, but I loved the ending. \n I also thought the inclusion of magical elements throughout the story was an interesting and fun twist. Melquiades's scrolls, the floating priest, etc. According to Wikipedia this is called \"magical realism\". Thinking about all the movies and TV shows being produced now, it seems that this is a common plot element nowadays!
1 I read this classic twice in high school. Its hard to like books you read in high school, but this one stood out - couldn't tell you why anymore :)
1 Man I wish I hadn't read this yet so I could enjoy it again.
1 This book was a pure delight. The subtitle \"Adventures of a Curious Character\" is spot-on. Feynman gave an amazingly human and honest view into his philosophy and take on life, thought a series of stories. \n One thing that struck me most deeply was his passion for learning new things. You would think a world-famous Physicist would just be passionate for Physics - but Feynman was curious about everything he saw. He dabbled in art and was successful enough to have a show, he joined a Brazilian Bongo group and competed with them, he hung out in Vegas until he grokked gambling, he spent time in strip bars in Arizona until he figured out how to pick up women, he cracked safes in Los Alamos for fun - the list goes on! My take: you should have your passions - but you should also have your hobbies. I think I need a new hobby :) \n I really enjoyed his lessons learned from observing the Brazilian educational system. He noted that many of the students were simply memorizing words and formulas and had no understanding of the concepts they applied to. I think this is not a unique problem in education. \n Another lesson learned from Feynman's studies of science is to never take any data for granted. Always always question the sources. Whenever Feynman did an experiment he would re-generate many of the numbers on his own - even if they had been published in other places. For many things we are (and not just in science) standing on the shoulders of giants. The easiest way to be led astray is if those results were never right to begin with. \n I think Feynman was in his heart a true educator and scientist, with real integrity. And I think it drove him nuts how many important decisions are made using unscientific principles. This book was a light-hearted attempt to point that out - not to mention, a very entertaining read.
-1 A friend of Elizabeth's I met at a party said its a great primer to understanding philosophy...
1 This book was pure Gold - it was impossible to put down, and its clear to see why its a classic. Watching Holmes apply his methods to each case and unravel it to the eternaly baffled Watson was entertaining and even inspiring. I only wish I was as smart as Sherlock. I actually think we can all learn a lot from Sherlock - even if he is fictional :) \n Some other interesting things I learned: \n - sherlock only says 'elementary' once \n - sherlock does cocaine when bored in between cases . I guess it wasn't such a big deal back then? \n - one caper delved into the history of the Mormons, which was very interesting
1 One of my all-time favorites. The ultimate revenge story. One fascinating aspect to think about was that back in the day this novel appeared as a series of articles in the newspaper in France...
1 After seeing the movie (i liked it), and needing a fun read for a vacation, this was perfect. Like Jacques, I loved the explanation of Baccarat. My mental image of Vesper Lynd in the book is much prettier than the actress from the movie. Fleming's Bond is much more of a connoisseur than the movie Bond, and he takes great care in describing all the details of the things he enjoys - particularly his cigarettes, his food, his wine, and his car.
1 I read this while backpacking through Europe after college. It was a fascinating insight into the Spanish culture - anyone going there should definitely read this.", "date_added": "Thu Dec 07 17:09:18 -0800 2006
1 I know this book is supposed to be evil as its horribly inaccurate, but I had a lot of fun reading it, so I'm still giving it 4 stars. (sorry jacques)
1 I'm a huge james bond fan. Always have been. I read a bunch of the books back in high school, but missed this one. I love the books as much as the movies. Fleming brings the character to life in a very different way from the movies - more human, more vulnerable. Plus the its always interesting to see the differences between the plot of the movie and the book. In this one for instance, there was no space station, no Jaws, no plot to populate the planet with a super-race. But there was the millionaire Drax with an evil plan - you can count on that :)
1 I loved this book. I agree with Elizabeth - the movie wasn't close. Something about Nicholas Cage trying to do an italian accent?
1 One of my top 5 favorites. Read this at the deeper/figuring your life out moments - it will give you strength and inspiration.
1 Listened it on tape on a road trip... thoroughly enjoyed it!
1 Really good book. It read like a bestseller (quick read), but had a lot of substance to stop and make you think. \n three Rules of the tipping point: the law of the few, the stickyness factor, the power of context. \n Law of the Few (people who influence): \n - Connectors: super connectors (eg Paul Revere). William Dawes had the same mission as Paul Revere the same night but we haven't heard of him b/c Paul Revere was a super-connector & knew who to rouse. \n - Mavens: A Maven is a person who has information on a lot of different products or prices or places. This person likes to initiate discussions with consumers and respond to requests. They like to be helpers in the marketplace. \n - Salesmen: people with the skills of persuasion. Good at reading people entering into \"conversational harmony\" with them. Facial gestures (nods, smiles, frowns) are key indicators. Emotional Mimicry. Studies showed Peter Jennings viewers voted Republican b/c he unconsciously smiled more while covering Reagan. \n Stickyness Factor \n - Sesame street succeeded b/c it learned to make TV sticky. It did a TON of testing with focus groups of kids to increase stickyness (how much kids remembered) of each show. They would cut scenes that didn't hold attention until each show \n was good. \n - Blues Clues did even more testing and discovered that kids love repetition - it plays the same show 5 times in a row and kids love it. \n - make the message personal to make it memorable \n The Power of Context \n - Broken window theory. NYC cleaned up its crime epidemic by cleaning off the graffiti from its subways. \n - Often to change human behavior you have to change the context the problem is presented in. \n - Stanford Prison Experiment by Zimbardo proved that context matters. \n - law of 150: a person can't 'know' more than 150 people, so companies usually start to fail at that point. Gore-Tex breaks up a company into 2 once it hits 150, because they've found things work better that way.
1 Just re-read this for the first time, and it's still one of my favorites. This book is geek-heaven: cryptography, world war II, code-breaking, nazi gold, and modern day internet beginnings all tied together in one masterful story. \n It also was largely lost on me, and I suspect many of my generation, that the second world war was won - or at least greatly accelerated - in great part due to the fact that we had cracked the German and Japanese codes. Learning more about the efforts of Bletchley Park, and Dr Alan Turing and huffduff and cribs, etc was fascinating. \n I think the funniest part of the book is the page where Stephenson actually graphs out how productive Waterhouse is when he has recently had sex (very productive) and when he hasn't (not very productive). \n The code-breaking and cryptography is not stuff I know a ton about, as modern day programmers largely don't have to worry about that stuff, but it's a good reminder to think about, as we don't have it on our brains nearly enough. Avi & Randy's paranoia and tendency to encrypt everything from their hard drives to their emails may be overkill, on the other hand, it also may be wise. I remember getting email from people who used public/private keys to encrypt their email before, but not in the last 5 years. Maybe we should request that Gmail Labs add that! \n If there was a theme to this book, it's that cryptography is everything. It defined the second world war, and it also defines the modern internet. Information is king - not large caches of gold.
1 A really interesting novel that takes place in the future in a world where some people live in the metaverse (aka digital universe/internet) more than the real world. I don't remember it so well now but I do remember there being some really interesting tie-ins to ancient sumarian computers. \n That plus any book with a protagonist named Hiro Protagonist who wields badass japanese swords is just badass. \n Note: the MetaVerse is current being built now here: http://secondlife.com
1 This is the best harry potter book so far, followed closely by book 6.
1 After the first read, this book is the worst one in the Harry Potter series. Characters are not as likeable as they are in the other books. However, I recently reread it (after reading book 6), and found it to be a very good read.
1 \"You're the queen. I'm just a commoner. \n GAH!!! MY HEART!!! This book was everything. One of the best-second chance romances I've ever read. \n Kennedy and Johnny fell in love when they were just in high school. Johnny was a naturally-gifted actor and left his family behind to follow his dreams of becoming an actor. Kennedy ran away with him to Hollywood when she was just 17, giving up her dreams to follow his. Real life brutally intruded, and Kennedy left Johnny after he got his first big break. He quickly got lost in the throes of addiction and the Hollywood party scene. Broken-hearted and pregnant, Kennedy returned home to begin a new life without Johnny. \n \"You don't know this, but that girl? She doesn't need a house. She doesn't even need an apartment. She would've slept in the car. She wouldn't have complained at all about it. You didn't have to sell it, but you did, and as grateful as she is for that, she already feels guilty. She's worried, and she's scared, that this won't be a story of triumph. Because she believes in you. She wouldn't be there if she didn't. But the world isn't always kind to good people. Sometimes it eats them alive.\" \n Johnny grew up wealthy but in a very abusive household. Acting was his escape. He had no choice but to get away from his family in any way he could. But he never really left his demons behind and now that he is a world-famous superstar, he wants to make amends with Kennedy and with Madison, the daughter he never knew. \n \"I don't deserve her time, not in the least, but I'm so desperate for some part of this woman back that I'll steal every second that I can get.\" \n Kennedy gave up everything for Madison, a gorgeous, smart and funny little girl. Kennedy works at a dead-end job, struggling to make ends meet. She is still in love with Johnny but has been hurt by him many times over the years. I was SO emotional while reading this book! It had everything I love about a second chance romance. The writing is clever and creative and completely engaging. I fell in love with Johnny and with little Madison! The book is heartbreaking, sexy, funny, heartfelt and completely uplifting. \n \"Whatever did it, I'm glad you're sober, and I hope you stay that way. For Maddie's sake, yeah, because she deserves to know her dad, but for your sake, too. I know I was never enough for you, Jonathan, but I hope you find something that is.\" \n This story is perfectly balanced between both the hero and heroine's point of view. I adored the story of how Kennedy and Johnny first met and fell deeply in love. There are lots of steamy scenes as well as just the right amount of humor to balance out the very emotional story. This story gripped me from the first page and had me glued to the pages until the very end. I also loved how Kennedy was loyal and strong and smart and self-sufficient. She did not need the Porsches or the red carpets or the mansions. She only wanted Johnny to be able to follow his dreams. \n \"Wherever it takes you, I'll be there. \n 'Ghosted' is another must-read book from JM Darhower. One of my favorite books of the year. \n \"Thank you, K.\" \n \"What are you thanking me for?\" \n \"Giving me a second chance,\" he says. \"And a third, and a forth, and a fifth...\" \n \"And a twentieth.\" He laughs lightly. \"And a twentieth.\" \n \"There won't be a twenty-first,\" I tell him. \"I have to draw the line somewhere.\"
1 4.5 Addictive Stars!! \n \"I'm Easton Royal, superficial and only interested in how to have a good time. \n I don't want to look deep into my being and see the bottomless, black, boring pool of nothingness. I want to live in blissful denial.\" \n I am not a fan of over-the-top drama or crazy plots. So imagine my delight when I read 'Fallen Heir' almost in one sitting! Addictive, funny and fast-paced, this book might be my favorite in the series so far. \n Easton Royal is a high school senior at the very exclusive Astor Park Prep. This is a school filled with ultra-rich students complete with trust funds and designer clothes and huge mansions. Easton is a flirt and a partier and sets his sights on the new girl in school, Hartley. They are complete opposites but that is part of the fun of this book. Hartley is not at all interested in bad-boy Easton so he settles for the friend zone. \n \"I need to treat her as a friend. A real, give-a-shit-about-each-other, don't-need-to-be-naked-to-care-about-you friend.\" \n This book should not be read as a standalone because it does contain some spoilers from the earlier books. I am SO glad I stuck with this series because I LOVED Easton's story! He has a good heart and realizes that his partying is getting out of hand, especially as the son of a mother who had severe addiction issues. I fell in love with Easton and my heart broke for him!! \n \"I'm the only one here, drinking crap I can't stand because I don't want to spend a minute of my life alone. My head's a bad, bad place.\" \n I really felt the connection between Easton and Hartley and loved the supporting characters. 'Fallen Heir' is a crisply written and juicy story that is perfect for all fans of contemporary Young Adult books. This book just clicked for me. And I loved how funny Easton was. His humor and satire was just what this story needed. \n \"I might be small, but I have the lung capacity of a whale, so if you don't move I'm gonna have to release the oral Kraken until the entire school is in this hallway rescuing me from you.\" \n I crack up. \"The oral Kraken? That sounds pretty dirty.\" \n \"I'm thinking everything sounds dirty to you,\" she says dryly.\" \n This nook ends on a MAJOR cliffhanger which should not be a surprise for fans of this series. WOW!! But never fear, another book is coming in January!! I really enjoyed this book and highly recommend it if you're looking for a very smart and witty Young Adult story. \n \"I'm the design flaw in the Royal family, the one who isn't quite like the others, the one who crashes and burns more often than not.\" \n (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
1 \"I promise to love you forever. As long as there is love in this world, we will be a part of it.\" \n So sweet!! Filled with tons of romance and some real emotion. Don't read any spoilers for this book! I'm glad I didn't know anything about it. \n Renee Carlino's books ALWAYS captivate me. 'Swear on This Life' is one of my all-time favorite stories. I will say that Adam is definitely my favorite thing about this book. *SIGH* Adam is one of the most memorable characters ever created by Ms. Carlino. Impulsive, sweet, charming, creative and loving, he really puts himself out there when he meets Charlotte. While I'm not always a fan of insta-love, it just WORKED here. Charlotte opened up her heart to Adam because he seemed, well, absolutely perfect. \n I was absolutely enchanted by Adam and could understand how Charlotte fell for him. But life has a funny way of working out and things don't turn out quite how Charlotte expected. There was definitely something off about Adam right from the beginning but I couldn't put my finger on it. \n \"You're stunning and beautiful and I loved every second of it. I'm sorry you didn't like it. Did I hurt you.?\" \n \"No, but are you going to paint it?\" \n \"Paint what?\" \n \"Us, what we just did?\" \n \"No.\" \n \"No?\" \n \"No. I don't need to. I'll never forget it and it's sacred.\" \n The story took a lot of twists and turns and it was definitely one that I was not expecting!! Charlotte has had terrible luck at relationships and let's just say that Adam does not turn out to be everything she expected or imagined. Nonetheless, he still feels like the one love of her life, even though they spent a very short time together. \n Life moves on and Charlotte gets back in to the dating scene. She meets the adorable Seth, who is a minor-league baseball player. He really likes her but she can't quite forget Adam. Seth is patient and sexy and athletic and funny and smart and is just an all-around wonderful man!! But can Charlotte move on from her brief time with Adam? \n It was like we already knew each other, like we had met in a previous life. Memories that didn't exist began exploding in my mind like fireworks. \n This is a lovely, romantic, bittersweet story filled with wonderful life lessons about healing and loving. I also adored all of the characters. This is not at all a love triangle (although I love those, too!). Don't read any spoilers about this one, you will enjoy the book so much more going in blind. The conclusion was just lovely and as always with Renee Carlino's stories, I was sorry to see this one end! \n \"I want you to know that I am grateful to you. I'm grateful to you now. I got to experience IT in this life, and I don't think it's measured with time.\" \n \"You don't think what's measured with time, Adam?\" \n \"Love, Charlotte.\" \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 Kinky Stars!! \n Eve Dangerfield continues to delight with this verrrrrrry kinky and totally filthy story! But she also manages to be funny, heartfelt and utterly original. Highly recommend! \n \"Everyone is weird, Kate, we're the perfect kind of weird for each other.\" \n Yes, this book is about Daddy kink and it is oh so perfect! Eve Dangerfield writes smart, funny, nuanced characters which is what makes this story so readable. Kate is a young professional who has hidden her sexual fantasies away in shame. The focus of her current obsession is her boss, Ty, a 45 year old gruff, sexy former firefighter who pushes all her buttons. \n \"Her obsession wasn't even original. Everyone had a crush on Tyler Henderson. Women, gay men, straight men, more perceptive animals. It was like having a crush on a Hemsworth brother--it made you basic as hell. \n But she thinks Ty can't stand her because he can barely stand to be in the same room as her. He never speaks to her, calls her by her work nickname, and is generally just an all-around grouch. But...but...she's actually perfect for him! Because you see, Ty has always craved D/lg kink but has also hidden it away in shame, settling for unsatisfying relationships that make him feel empty and wanting more. \n \"Ty didn't think Middleton was a great girl. He thought Middleton was a pain in the ass. Waltzing around with her shiny hair and long legs and her throaty voice, being cuter than a fistful of buttons. Where did she get off? \n This book is filled with SO much hotness and hilarity and dirty talk that I couldn't believe what I was reading! But the story is SO engaging that I fell in love with Ty from the very first page. And the letter he writes to Kate!! OMG. *Faints* \n Ty and Kate are so perfect together but only Kate is brave enough to be honest with Ty and her feelings. I LOVED how she accepted what she wanted and who she was and never wavered. Ty was another story. He denied his true desires and felt shame for what he wanted. \n \"Wanting to fuck his pretty employee was biology, wanting to cherish her was something else. Something much worse. \n This book is refreshingly funny which balances out the incredibly steamy and passionate scenes. Eve Dangerfield is fearless! And I loved how Kate was far from perfect BUT she was perfect for Ty just the way she was. \n Ty glared at her. \"Think you're funny, don't you, Middleton?\" \n \"Yes.\" \n \"Well we'll see how fucking funny you are when your ass is on fire.\" \n This book is set in Australia so it is filled with slang and I did have to look up a few phrases here and there. Please read the book description and if does not sound like your cup of tea, then do not read this one. BUT if you are enamored with D/lg kink, as I am, then by all means read 'Act Your Age'! It is pure, growly Alpha-male goodness through and through. I can't wait to see what Eve Dangerfield dreams up next! \n What he and Middleton shared had gravity, it would pull her back toward him as surely as the moon pulled at the ocean tides. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 \"Out of all the places we could be, we're right here. At the same time.\" \n Colleen Hoover is at the top of my auto-buy list. Without question. And she returns to her Young Adult stories in 'Without Merit'. Merit Voss is a teenage girl who in addition to the normal angst of young adulthood, lives in a very unconventional household. From her perspective, her family is just plain WEIRD. No one can seem to get along and most poignantly, no one really seems to notice Merit at all. She almost seems like an afterthought. \n \"I can say with certainty that we live in the most unusual house in this whole town. I say house because it is certainly not a home. And inside this house are seven of the most unusual occupants. No one would be able to determine from the outside of our house that our family of seven includes an atheist, a home wrecker, an ex-wife suffering from a severe case of agoraphobia, and a teenage girl whose weird obsession borders on necrophilia. \n Of course, Merit is a classic unreliable narrator and slowly the truth about her family emerges. Colleen Hoover knows how to treat delicate subjects with great dignity and care. She makes the entire cast of odd characters here sympathetic and very likable even though you may think the opposite of them at first. \n Merit decides to just stop attending school. No one seems to even notice! While skipping school she meets a cute guy and they share an earth-shattering kiss. BUT Merit actually has a twin sister named Honor and the cute guy is actually Sagan, her twin's boyfriend. It seems as though Sagan might have thought he was kissing Honor. \n Merit is angry and surly and can't seem to make many friends. She is offended when Sagan starts eating meals with the family and basically moving in. How could this have happened? \n \"I'm confused by two things. One being the constant and repeated presence of Honor's boyfriend at our breakfast table. Two being the fact that everyone seems to know him so well that they're perfectly fine with him joining in on the family conversation. \n Merit eventually uncovers some very hard truths about her family's past. It also becomes very clear that Honor is not the perfect person that she at first thinks herself to be. Like all of Colleen Hoover's characters, Merit is unforgettable. She must make some hard choices about herself, her family and Sagan. \n \"Sagan just doesn't say mean things out loud. Maybe that's a product of how he was raised. Or maybe he's some kind of saint. Or an angel brought to earth to test my morals.\" \n I loved the message of this book!! The story is beautiful and the characters feel real and flawed and very relatable. The description of small-town Texas seems spot-on. Fans of Colleen Hoover will devour this story, and hopefully new readers will pick this one up and see why her readers are so devoted to her writing. Unconditional love, loyalty and forgiveness are some heavy topics but Ms. Hoover serves them up perfectly here. \n \"Not every mistake deserves a consequence. Sometimes the only thing a mistake deserves is forgiveness.\" \n ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.
1 3.5 - 4 Stars \n \"It would've been romantic if I wasn't drunk as a skunk when I dialed him.\" \n I am a die-hard Penelope Ward fan. I DEVOUR her books. And this one started off very strong for me! I loved the premise of the story: ugly-duckling Rana finds her childhood friend Landon online when she is drunk one night and calls him and unleashes years of pent-up frustration. Rana grew up very poor in Michigan and her family rented their apartment from Landon's family. She was forced to suddenly move when she was young and lost touch with her former best friend Landon. \n However, the truth turns out to be a little different than what Rana was told and she and Landon begin to talk on the phone and it becomes very clear they both have very strong feelings for each other. \n Penelope Ward is the queen of second-chance romance as well as creating a sold backstory for her characters. I didn't quite feel that connection between Rana and Landon but many readers loved this one so definitely give it a try. The story has some very valuable messages about self-esteem and forgiveness. And the sexy times are incredibly HOT!! I would have liked a little more build-up to the full-blown relationship between Landon and Rana. BUT I did fall in the love with Landon: like all of Ms. Ward's main characters, he is simply unforgettable!! \n His hands may have been calloused; his arms may have been inked; he may have looked dangerous, but Landon was as gentle as he was protective. \n 'Drunk Dial' is a light and sexy story that delivers a HEA. While it is not my favorite Penelope Ward book, I nonetheless enjoyed reading it and loved the second-chance, friends to lovers storyline. This is a sexy, passionate and often funny book with lots of emotion. Enjoy Landon Roderick! I know I did. \n Our story was a lot like a Rubik's Cube - colourful and complicated. It took years to work it out, but then suddenly like magic, on a random Sunday, everything all came together. \n (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)"
1 If you love a sweet, verrrry sexy, low-angst romance, then this is the book for you! Vi Keeland and Penelope Ward cooked up another very readable yet super-hot contemporary romance. \n Dr. Simon Hogue is a sexy British physician who meets single-mom Bridget in the cutest way possible. Both are single: Bridget is a widowed nurse with not much of a social life and Simon is a gorgeous doctor with no interest in a relationship. \n There's tons of humor, sexy talk and a hottie British doctor. What's not to love? After an embarrassing \"meet cute\" with Simon, Bridget ends up renting a room in her home to him in order to make ends meet. It's not permanent: Simon is only in the US to complete his residency and then he will be back off to Britain. He loves to tease Bridget and their attraction is mutual. So he proposes a deal: a no-strings attached, sex-only relationship until he leaves. \n The authors put a fresh spin on the friends-to-lovers trope that is sexy and enticing. There's not much angst but the storyline is fast-paced and engaging. Bridget doesn't want her son to get too attached to Simon so she is careful not to get attached. But Simon soon finds himself falling in love with Bridget and her son, too. \n \"The sexy, blond, god of a doctor whom I'd masturbated to for weeks after the fish hook incident...was now my roommate.\" \n This is a swoony romance with lots of heart and tons of heat. The authors always throw in a twist for dramatic tension and it worked perfectly here! The letter-writing is a cute addition and I loved the funny, charming, dirty-talking Brit!! Another passionate, sweet and heart-warming story from a great writing duo. \n \"It's proof you hooked me from the very beginning, luv.\" \n (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
-1 3.5 Stars \n This was my first book by Jeannine Colette and I really enjoyed it! Nothing too over the top here, just a sweet and sexy small-town romance featuring one hot cop and a feisty heroine. \n Leah is determined to own the bar where she works and I loved that aspect of the book. The author also seems to have a wicked sense of humor which shows in the funny banter and the hilarious Matthew McConaughey references. Leah lost her first love to an overdose, and he also happened to be Adam's best friend - Adam, the rigid, by-the-book policeman who seems determined to punish Leah for her past mistakes. \n Adam is charitable and gorgeous and kind and protective. He has made it his mission in life to rid the town of narcotics. When Leah is sentenced to community service under Adam's supervision, the sparks begin to fly. \n Even though the setting is in the Midwest, this story has almost a sassy, Southern feel to it, reminiscent of Abbi Glines and Harper Sloan's early books. I love a blue-collar hero and Luke fits the bill perfectly! \n Adam was cold and harsh and downright mean for much of the story, until Leah begins to break through to him. The chemistry between these two was HOT HOT HOT! I applaud Ms. Colette for her strong and sassy heroine and absolutely loved Leah. She wasn't just a party girl and earns the respect of everyone around her. 'Wrecked' is a funny, sexy, small-town romance that is a great way to spend a few hours. \n ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.
1 4 - 4.5 Stars!! \n \"If I ever lay eyes on you again... I can't promise I'll do what's best and walk away next time...\" \n Fancy a fast-paced, well-written sexy romance? 'The Forbidden' is all that and more!! This is not so much a taboo romance as it is the story of two people who simply meet at the wrong time. Annie is an up-and-coming, career-driven architect who has no time for relationships. She has just never felt that \"spark\" with any man. Jack and Annie meet one night in a bar when she is out for a fun night with friends. They have an immediate connection that only Jodi-Ellen Malpas can make seem SO real. \n Jack's marriage was over long before he met Annie. While some might see this as a bright line that should never be crossed, Jack instead seemed to me to be sweet, vulnerable and craving an intimate connection. Annie for one cannot believe she has found herself in this situation but Jack is everything she never knew she wanted. \n \"I would never have put myself in this situation for anything less than powerful love. The kind that keeps you going. The kind that gives you breath and life. Jack's my life. He's my pulse. He's everything.\" \n This story would be empty and unconvincing in the hands of a less talented writer. But JEM really creates nuanced characters with hard choices to make. Nothing is black and white here. While the story got a little too over-dramatic for me near the end, I nonetheless loved this book and highly recommend it! \n \"I'm in hell and I'm in heaven. I'm flying and I'm drowning.\" \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 The First Taste features Andrew, a single dad from Slip of the Tongue, one of my favorite books. His story is a standalone, and does NOT feature any forbidden romance. Andrew is the complete opposite of Amelia, the boss of his sister and a total Type-A workaholic. She has been burned by a painful split from her husband and is going through a very difficult divorce. Amelia and Andrew make is clear from the start they are both only looking for a one-night stand, with no strings attached. Andrew does not suffer from lack of women, that's for sure - he's totally hot, has his own business and has an adorable daughter named Bell, who is raising on his own. \n They are both completely honest with each other from the start but begin to develop a deeper connection. Their emotional relationship develops slowly, even though they both are wary of getting close. Amelia is stunning, smart and self-sufficient, Never in a million years does she think she could ever fall for a man like Andrew! And Andrew's daughter comes first, even while it becomes obvious his daughter would love for him to fall in love. I loved that Andrew was the one who actually starts to realize that he is falling in love with Amelia and wants more from her. \n Somewhere along the way, she became worth it to me. The threat of pain that comes with keeping her in my life--it's not enough to scare me away. In fact, it's the threat of competition that stokes a fire in me. It makes me want to put up a fight. \n The First Taste is a classic opposites-attract story, filled with real emotion and characters that have depth and honesty. Jessica Hawkins is great at writing uber-sexy men and Andrew is not only gorgeous and tatted, he is a VERY giving lover. The sexy times in The First Taste are without a doubt some of the steamiest around. \n \"I want to undress you, stretch you out on my bed, fingers to toes. Your hair splayed on my pillow and I want to take you over and over until you can't handle it another second.\" \n I love stories with single dads and while this story did not pack as much of an emotional punch as Slip of the Tongue, I still loved the story and the way Amelia and Andrew's relationship grew and developed. This is a fast and sexy read from an incredibly talented writer and I can't wait to read what's next!! \n \"Have I ever mentioned how it feels when I'm the reason for your smile? Like a million bucks.\" \n ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.
1 \"Grabbing a bite. With a twenty-year-old. From a boy band. Under what circumstance might that ever be construed as acceptable?\" \n I. LOVED. THIS. BOOK. \n A sharp and insightful commentary on our modern culture and obsession with celebrity, 'The Idea of You' is also a fantastic, sexy romance. This book really did it for me. If this is Robinne Lee's first book, I cannot wait see what comes next! \n Solene is a sophisticated, 39 year old divorced working mom who finds herself swept up into an exciting and sexy relationship with the world-famous Hayes Campbell, the 20 year old member of a famous \"boy band\". She is an educated and successful gallerist who is divorced from her ex-husband, who has a younger girlfriend. The world does not take kindly to Solene's relationship with Hayes, mainly because of the 20 year age difference. I loved the commentary on ageism in our society today. The public will accept an older man with a younger girlfriend but frowns upon the older woman/younger man dynamic. \n Solene is acutely aware of the age difference but is enjoying an awakening of sorts with Hayes, Ah, the joys of a younger boyfriend! What starts out as \"just lunch\" soon becomes much, much more. \n \"I just want to look at you for a moment.\" \n \"You've been looking at me for over an hour.\" \n \"Yeah, but before I was trying not to be obvious about it. Come here.\" He led me over to the daybed against the far wall and pulled me onto his lap. I could feel him through his pants. Oh, the wonders of twenty. \n Solene at first tries to hide her relationship with Hayes from her young daughter. I knew this was going to be a disaster and her daughter at first does not handle the news well at all. But doesn't Solene deserve to be happy? She struggles not only with her ex-husband's reaction to the news but also with her daughter's. \n The entire time Isabelle had been just across the hall on the phone with her friend, oblivious to her mother going down the rabbit hole. Face-first. \n One of the things I loved most about this book was the sharp look at our obsession with celebrity. Hayes could not go anywhere without being mobbed, and even a causal trip to the store to buy a shirt led to a mob scene. He was used to it; Solene was not. This story made me re-think every headline I read about celebrities. Hayes wanted Solene to know him, and NOT \"the idea\" of him. Hayes was tender, sweet, funny, sexy and much wiser than his 20 years. \n \"You want to be kissed, Solene?\" His hands were in my hair, pushing it off of my face, cradling my neck. \n \"Yes.\" I nodded. \n \"You think you can handle that?\" \n \"I'll see what I can do.\" \n Robinne Hill gets her locations right. From Miami, to Malibu, to Manhattan and Paris, I felt as if I was THERE, experiencing the cafes, the clubs, the chic art galleries and the screaming fans at the huge concerts. This book really checked all the boxes for me!! I simply cannot recommend it highly enough. I am having a hard time moving on from this book. Would I love a sequel? YES. But I would also gladly welcome another book from Ms. Hill. Grab 'The Idea of You' and enjoy a fabulous time with this perfect beach read. I adored it. \n Favorite quotes: \n \"You're making me blush,\" he laughed, tipping his head back. His jawline from this angle was well-defined, exquisite, like art. His beauty, like a gift that kept revealing itself. \n \"Love,\" she said, \"was not always perfect, and not exactly how you expected it to be. But when it descended upon you, there was no controlling it.\" \n ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.
1 4 - 4.5 Stars!! \n OMG!! Refreshing, smart, fun and swoony, I LOVED this book!! It was just what I needed. My favorite R.S. Grey book since 'Scoring Wilder'. If you are looking for something totally light and sexy, this book is for you! \n Madeleine is an adorable and quirky heroine who is trying her best to get her life together. As a somewhat unsuccessful realtor, she adores her giant dog named Mouse (cute, right?) and loves her family and best friend Daisy. But her love life? Non-existent. DOA. That is, until the new veterinarian Dr. Adam Foxe arrives in town. But the good doctor is coming off a bitter break-up and is cynical and not looking for love, etc etc. Until Mouse (and Madeleine crash into his life!) \n They strike up a mutually beneficial deal. A fake dating arrangement to satisfy Adam's nosy family and he will buy a house through Madeleine. Let the hilarity (and hormones) ensue! \n \"No. No. A family barbecue is serious! This was not part of the deal.\" \n \"Technically, you agreed to do anything I needed you to do.\" \n \"That's when I thought you'd be asking me for a lung or something!\" \n \"So you were prepared to donate an organ, but a family barbecue is suddenly too much pressure?\" \n \"Don't try to be cute.\" \n Adam's family is charmed by Madeleine. And who wouldn't be? She is a sincere and honest and refreshingly REAL MC. \n \"And you brought cookies?\" she asks, eyeing the Tupperware in my hand. \n \"Freshly baked this morning,\" I brag. \n She turns over her shoulder to Adam, who's following us into the house with Mouse by his side. \"I love her already!\" \n I bask in her praise. After the months from hell I've had recently, this is a much-needed reprieve. Hell, if all else fails, maybe I'll date Adam's mom? \n 'The Foxe & the Hound\" is a delightfully sexy story with the perfect amount of humor and heat. I loved the banter, the characters and the charming small-town Texas setting. I swear, R.S. Grey could be a TV comedy writer, that's how funny her dialogue is!! \n \"I want to take a pair of scissors to her loud highlights, but I misplaced the scissors I usually keep in my top drawer a few months ago. Instead, I'm forced to stand, hang up on Daisy, and follow Lori over to the conference room with pen and paper in hand. We're the first two to arrive. She takes her usual spot beside Helen's chair, and I pick a spot on the opposite end of the table. Her perfume is strong. Chanel number five, she told me once, bragging. Oh really? On you it smells like a number two. \n This was THE perfect read for a summer day or a weekend at the beach. I fell in love with Adam and Madeleine and the fictional setting of Hamilton, Texas. Bravo, Ms. Grey!! Keep writing more books like this one. \n \"We should slow down,\" I sputter just before his mouth falls to my chest. \n He swirls his tongue around my nipple and my eyes pinch closed. Or, y'know, speed up even more.
1 3.5 - 4 stars \n Beautiful and poignant yet very violent spin-off from the Nine Minutes series. Lots of unexpected twists and turns! \n I loved the storyline and the originality of the plot. Even though I was familiar with Anthony Bear and Christy from the Nine Minutes series, this book really explored their relationship and Anthony's early life. \n I could not WAIT for this book to come out since Beth Flynn is a very special and talented writer. The Nine Minutes Series is one of my all-time FAVORITE biker romances and I recommend it to anyone who will listen! \n Anthony is a fighter. Faced with racism from a young age, he clawed his way to the top and created one of the most feared and most successful illegal businesses on the West Coast of Florida. He is Boss. When a large debt is owed to him, he sets out to collect. \n He kidnaps the daughter of the man who owes him, but Christy Chapman is not at all what he expected. Anthony has preconceived notions about her which turn out to be all wrong. \n Christy judged Anthony at first, too. Not quite the pampered heiress that Anthony thought she was, they both surprise each other along the way. \n Although I finished this book, it was a little slow going for me at times. The third-person voice prevented me from really connecting with these characters. That being said, this was an incredibly inventive story and as always, I ADORE the Florida setting of Beth Flynn's books. The colorful characters and unflinching violence add to the genuine feel of the plot. I hope that there are more books planned for the Beth Flynn's cast of characters because I will be first in line to read her next book! \n ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.
1 4.5 - 5 Stars!! \n \"When life happened, it did it in a heartbeat. That space between time. A first inhale, a last exhale. The dawn of realization, the eve of what was and never again would be.\" \n What an unexpected and refreshing surprise!!! This book is unlike anything I've ever read. And please don't read any spoilers! The author just totally blew me away with the plot and the characters and the FEELS! \n Let me just say that Parker was one of my favorite MC's EVER. Strong, funny, self-deprecating, she is basically just waiting for her life to begin. She has a chip on her shoulder and blames everyone else for the position she's in. But there is so much more to her story!! \n \"If Amazon Prime offered a life, she would have one-clicked the hell out of it and selected recurring monthly delivery.\" \n This book is NOT what you think. The plot is inventive and sexy and emotional. It is pure Jewel E. Ann. This book took me on a rollercoaster ride of emotions and I did not want it to end! Parker finds herself in THE one situation that she swore she would never be in. Funny how life is, right? Despite her best intentions, she realizes that life is not black and white but is shades of grey. And family does mean everything. \n \"Temptation no longer resided in his blind spot. She lived a hundred yards away. \n This book is funny and steamy and just plain REAL. I am trying not to give away any of the plot because this book is best read without knowing anything about the story or the characters. It is another delightfully different story from one of the best indie authors writing today. Pick up 'When Life Happened.' You will be delighted and challenged and entertained. \n The truth doesn't always set you free, and lies are not always deception. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 Captivating Stars!!! \n \"When truth is replaced by silence, the silence is a lie.\" \n -- Yevgeny Yevtushenko \n 'The Child's is a haunting and emotional character-driven suspense novel that also explores our modern-day obsession with 24/7 news. \n Angela's newborn baby was kidnapped from her hospital room several decades earlier. The baby was never found. Angela and her husband Nick carried on after their devastating loss but Angela never fully recovered. When the bones of an infant are found at a construction site, she is sure the body is that of her long-gone Baby Alice. \n Kate is a brilliant newspaper journalist who uncovers news stories the old-fashioned way: through leg work and research and determination. She was also featured in the author's previous book 'The Widow' which I am now going to read! I loved Kate's style. While this book started off just a tiny bit slow, it picked up the pace in the middle and thundered toward an unbelievably shocking conclusion. \n \"I've always thought that's a funny saying. Let sleeping dogs lie. Because sleeping dogs always wake up eventually, don't they?\" \n Emma is married to a university professor many years her senior. She is devastated by the news of the \"Building Site Baby' but why? She has no apparent ties to Angela's family. Emma has had a difficult relationship with her mother Jude but it seems the two are trying to make peace with each other now that Emma is grown and married. But Emma has secrets of her own that will devastate everyone close to her when they are revealed. \n The multiple points of view are executed brilliantly. Each narrator has their own unique voice and are each vital to the story. \n 'The Child' is an imaginative and surprising thriller. While the writing is filled with British slang and customs, that only added to my enjoyment of the story. \n There are many twists and turns to this book and the ending was far more touching than I expected from what I though would be a suspense novel. The conclusion was enormously satisfying! Highly recommend this book for all thriller fans as well as anyone who loves a great story. \n \"People say what doesn't kill you makes you stronger. They say that when you been through something terrible ... But it doesn't. It breaks your bones, leaving everything splintered and held together with grubby bandages and yellowing sticky tape. Creaking along the fault lines, Fragile and exhausting to hold together. Sometimes you wish it had killed you.\" \n (With thanks to the publisher for a review copy.)
1 Such a sweet and sexy story! Highly recommend this one for fans of KA - this book is all about a strong heroine; a stand-up, Alpha hero; and some fast-moving danger. Loved the descriptions of the breathtaking Montana scenery. \n I'm a HUGE fan of second-chance romance and this one fit the bill perfectly. This is the second book in the Jamison Valley series and centers around Nick, Jesse's friend. (This book can be read as a standalone but I HIGHLY recommend the first book because it is fantastic!) It's no spoiler that Nick and Emmeline (Emmy) were married in Las Vegas many years earlier and surprise! They meet up again very unexpectedly after many years apart, when she moves to his small town. \n \"Nick?\" Gigi asked, but I didn't speak or take my eyes off Emmy. She was frozen just like I was. Finally, Emmy broke away. \n \"Sorry. I have to go,\" she mumbled before racing to the door. \n \"What was that? Do you know her?\" Jess asked. \n Yeah. I knew her. \"She's my wife.\" \n There is a delicious slow-burn aspect to this story even though Nick and Emmy are still legally married. Emmy now has a boyfriend, and had given up ever finding Nick after years of searching turned up nothing (there's a good reason for that which is revealed later in the book!). Nick broke her heart when he left her after their impulsive wedding in Vegas. Emmy and Nick were from two very different worlds, but now their paths have crossed again when she takes a teaching job in Prescott, Montana. \n Nick is a sexy and sweet Alpha but Emmy resists him despite his incredibly tender and romantic gestures. Even though they are husband and wife, they really didn't know each other at all. If you are a fan of small-town romance, you will love this book. There is plenty of action and just the right amount of heat. Although story did not have the \"wow\" factor that 'The Coppersmith Farmhouse' had, I still raced through this book and absolutely fell in love with the characters. \n I am obsessed with this series and cannot wait for more stories about the other characters. Ms. Perry obviously has a great deal of love for her setting and it shows in her writing. 'The Clover Chapel' is a heart-warming, funny, sexy and very adult romance that enthralled me and entertained me to the very last word. I am thrilled that the third book in the series, 'The Lucky Heart' is coming in August! I can't wait to return to Jamison Valley. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 \"Now I know how much there is to be afraid of and it terrifies me. But at the same time, I feel like if I could live through that, what happened to us, then I can survive anything. Like, what is there really to be afraid of?\" \n This book has SO much going for it! A Bittersweet, friends-to-lovers story; a feisty and relatable heroine; AND a bad-boy hero. Kylie Scott is one of my favorite authors and 'Lick' remains one of my top favorite contemporary romance books. For those reasons, I stuck with this story and I'm so glad that I did. Edie is VERY different from most fictional heroines and for that, I applaud Ms. Scott. For once, the ordinary girl gets the guy! \n \"Kissing John was everything. Well, not everything everything. I wouldn't die without him. But all of me wanted him, my heart and my head and all of the rest. Without a doubt, he made life better.\" \n John and Edie experienced a life-changing trauma and it pretty much bonds them together. No one else can understand what they went through that fateful night at the convenience story and they have a tough time relating to their teachers, families and friends. They end up attending the same high school and I loved what the author had to say about bullying, fat-shaming and teenage angst. There are some light-hearted moments in this story as well and if Ms. Scott writes more YA novels, I will be first in line! With that said, there were some minor inconsistencies that took me out of the story a bit (there seemed to be some Aussie-speak thrown in - no American teenager uses some of the language that the author used) but all in all this was a sweet, funny and sexy romance that kept me turning the pages until the very end. \n \"You're here?\" \n \"Yeah.\" \n \"Why?\" \n \"Because this is where you are,\" he said, as if it were obvious. \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 \"Big Red\" Stars!! \n OMG this is one of THE funniest and absolutely dirtiest books I've ever read! Eve Dangerfield has a fresh and VERY unique voice and I adored this story. \n \"You're stunning,\" he said, eyeing her up and down. His irises weren't watery blue like most redheads, but a warm caramel brown. Ash's lady areas tingled, as though they too craved a cigarette. \n \"Thanks.\" \n Can I keep this review clean? Hard to do, based on how naughty this book is. Ashley is a hard-working nurse who has THE worst taste in men and decides she is finished with boyfriends. What she wants is a baby and a good sperm donor. A former model, Ash was a party girl but has always been sensitive about her lower-class background and loser parents. Raised by her grandmother, she and her sister Julia are best friends and share everything. \n Julia's boyfriend Max has a gorgeous red-headed roommate named Dean. A big lovable bear of a man, Dean has coasted through life but when he meets Ash, that's IT for him. And Ash feels the same. A ginger? No way! \n He wasn't a pretty boy, his nose was crooked and his grin lopsided, but he had that square-jawed, salt-of-the-earth handsome look that made a girl think of loose-hipped cowboys and demanding Scottish Lairds. And speaking of Scottish Lairds, old mate was a redhead. Usually gingers weren't her scene but this guy's hair was the rich coppery-auburn of a fox's pelt. It gleamed like rose gold under the floodlights, his short beard the exact colour as the stuff on his head. Big Red was doing it for her. Big time. And apparently, the feeling was mutual.\" \n Dean is one of the most original MC's I've ever had the pleasure of reading. Sensitive, kind, loving, he wears his heart on his sleeve. Trouble is, he has a tiny little problem focusing and drifts off right in the middle of a thought. Ash wants to use him but he wants more from her! What a fun change of pace from the usual contemporary romance books I read. \n \"You women, always trying to rush straight to sex. Whatever happened to romance?\" \n Dean and Ash were perfect together. There's tons of Australian slang and references in this book but they did not distract from the story. Between the 'Princess Bride' references, the Tessa Bailey mention and the hilarious and STEAMY sex scenes, this book was a win for me. The dialogue crackles and the characters are all well-written and so REAL. I can't put my finger on what makes a book work for me, but 'Open Hearts' has \"it.\" I couldn't book this book down! Filled with heat, heart and humor, 'Open Hearts' is one of my favorite books this year. \n Favorite quotes: \n \"He had to be six-four or five, lean, but beefy everywhere it counted. How would all that weight feel bearing down on her? She imagined his handsome face screwed up in pleasure as he pounded away at her practically revirginized p---y. Everything below her belly button tightened.\" \n \"They'd tried to diagnose him but there was no apparent medical explanation for his behaviour. He was just what his mum called 'away with the fairies' and Max called 'a bit of a lost \n c--t.'\" \n \"You're my dream girl, Ash. No one even comes close.\"
1 \"He was so addictive. Like candy. Or drugs. One taste of him had me fiending and my heart beating out of my chest.\" \n OH YES!!! I loved this fun and spicy slow-burn sports romance!! 'Illegal Contact' has the perfect mix of romance and heat. Any sports-romance lover will adore this story!! \n Football superstar Gavin Brawley of the New York Barons has major anger issues. A tough guy who grew up in the foster system, he is caught on video assaulting a man and as a result, is put on six months of house arrest. What is was really doing was protecting his friend but Gavin will take his punishment even though it means he is suspending from playing football, the only thing that saved him from a life of total despair. \n Most fans think Gavin is a total asshole. And he does little to nothing to dispel the public's opinion of him. In reality, he is a deeply closeted bisexual who has just a few close friends in his inner circle. He trusts no one outside his tight-knit circle. But because Gavin is a prisoner in his own home (a stunning mansion in the Hamptons), he is forced by his long-time manager to hire a PA to shop for him, cook his meals and run his errands. But Gavin is dead-set against this idea because he really doesn't like most people and he just wants to be left alone. \n \"I was a multimillionaire and a famous athlete, and yet people still treated me like a dirt-poor street kid from Newark. Some things never changed.\" \n Noah Monroe is in desperate need of a job. His last one ended badly and his father was just laid off. His student loans are looming over his head. He knows absolutely zero about football but that adds to his charm. And so he has no idea who Gavin Brawley is either. He is completely clueless but must find a job as soon as possible. He is out of options and will take any job, even if it is way outside his chosen field of social work. \n \"Was that the celebrity I'd be servicing? Bad choice of words. Was that the celebrity I'd be . . . personally assisting? I wasn't too clear on what this job would even entail. I'd just been told to send my resume and cover letter to Joe's receptionist.\" \n Of course Noah and Gavin cannot stand each other at first! Gavin is a total jerk to Noah. \n \"The man I hired has worked for movie stars, Gavin. He understands discretion.\" \n \"I don't give a shit if he understands quantum physics. He's more likely to land on the moon than set foot in this ridiculous mansion.\" \n I adore an enemies-to-lovers story. Gavin and Noah could not be more different. Gavin tries to shut Noah out of his life but he has to admit, Noah begins to do an amazing job as his PA. Noah begins to answer the huge amount of fan mail that has been accumulating and starts a social media presence for Gavin. So the fans actually begin to like Gavin Brawley. Gavin is wildly attracted to Noah but as a closeted bisexual, he feels that coming out would ruin his football career. Santino Hassell does a fantastic job of building their relationship from intense dislike, to friendship, to sweet, sweet romance. I could not put this story down! The sex scenes are CRAZY hot. Even when Noah and Gavin were breaking my heart, I just knew these two had to have a HEA. And boy, did they ever. \n I finished with my hands in his hair and our lips crushed together. It was an orgasm worthy of Olympic medals, but what really stopped my heart was the sound of my name in his lust-soaked voice. We were both in trouble. \n When Gavin finally begins to trust Noah, it is a beautiful thing. The banter, the sexy flirting, the touches of humor - it all worked for me. There is a second book planned in this series for Gavin's friend and teammate Simeon and let me just say that it sounds all kinds of awesome. I already miss these guys!! \n Gavin cocked a brow. \"If you think I'm going to try to spare your delicate baby eyes, I suggest you readjust your expectations. FYI--after showering, I air dry.\"
-1 3.5 Stars \n I am one of Katy's biggest fans and read everything she writes! I always love her powerful heroes and Aaric Christos is one of her best Alphas! Strong, driven and brilliant, I loved everything about him. . \n \"It's never been a game with you.\" \n Bryn is in desperate need of funding for her start-up company. She has risen from her past tragedies and is determined to make her new business successful. But first she must convince Aaric to lend her the money to get her business off the ground. \n Aaric is now very much involved with a wealthy socialite girlfriend but Bryn and Aaric have a past and knew each other years before. I loved the second-chance romance aspect of this story! Along with the New Your City setting, this was a perfectly enjoyable contemporary romance with Katy Evans' trademark brand of HOT sexiness. Will Bryn be able to put aside her personal feelings so that she and Aaric can keep things strictly business? \n \"He's the biggest what if I've ever had in my life. The one you always wonder about.\" \n There's some drama here but it works in the story. I loved Aaric's point of view and feel that it really gave his character depth. He seemed so allofll of at first but then really became someone I was rooting for by the end. The sexy times are perfect and it all added up to a fast-paced and enjoyable contemporary romance. \n I would have loved to have learned more about Aaric and Bryn when they were younger; the flashback scenes left me wanting more! If you are a fan of Katy Evans and of second-chance romance, you will love this one! \n (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 Stars \n Holy moly!!! What to say about this delicious, erotic, COMPLETELY taboo romance? Enter at your own risk!! Reading this book was like riding a roller coaster - my emotions were all over the place. Ms. Saffron Kent is an author to watch. And Professor Thomas Abrams? I honestly have no words. \n Some books have \"it\" - an undefinable quality that hooks the reader from the beginning and doesn't let go. 'The Unrequited' has \"it.\" Once I started reading this steamy forbidden romance, I simply could not put it down. \n \"Bravery is like falling in love. You donaEUR(tm)t know if the person will reciprocate, but still you fall. \" \n Heed the warnings in the synopsis, and if you are not a fan of forbidden romance or cheating, then move along. But there is SO much more to this book! Thomas and Layla's story is very nuanced and adult and very complicated. And so, so erotic!! \n \"The Harlot fell in love with the Fire-breather. It was beautiful and right. It was wrong and ugly, just like the earth beneath my feet. It was tragic and ecstatic. It was everything IaEUR(tm)d hoped love could be.\" \n Saffon Kent did a fantastic job creating two very different protagonists. Layla is passionate, self-deprecating, very open and brutally honest. She is a true original. Thomas is brilliant, sexy, introspective and sarcastic. Layla is heartbroken and possibly crazy after being rejected by her one true love. She is required to enroll in college and attend class as part of her therapy. She ends up in Professor Thomas Abrams' poetry class and immediately realizes she is in way over her head. He is rude to her and sees through her charade. \n But Thomas has secrets, too. Yes he is married but there is much, much more to his story than just that simple fact. Cold, aloof and arrogant, he is the complete opposite of Layla. You just know that Thomas and Layla will be a total train wreck together, but you just can't look away.
1 \"You smile like the devil,\" Mona said. \n \"The devil doesn't smile,\" he said. \"The devil smirks.\" \n STUNNING!! Ms. Reisz proves once again she is the Queen of erotica. The story and characters are all richly drawn and unforgettable. Mona Lisa St. James made a promise to her mother that she would do anything at all to save their art gallery. But the gallery is in financial trouble and she must sell it. And soon. \n But then a handsome Englishman arrives and makes her an irresistible offer. He will save her gallery. But she must agree to be his for one year. \n \"You were meant to do this,\" he said softly. \"You'll see.\" \n \"Why me?\" she asked. \"Millions of women in this country, millions in yours...why me?\" \n \"Millions of paintings in this world. Only one Mona Lisa. Billions of women in this world. Only one you, Mona Lisa St. James.\" \n And so begins the most erotic and sensual adventures Mona has ever had. A sexual awakening of sorts, Mona and the mysterious Malcolm shares his most erotic and depraved fantasies. Yet each and every encounter is sexy and beautiful and simply stunning!! Malcolm is judgement-free and slowly begins to understand her true nature and what life has in store for her. \n I can't even begin to describe how incredibly sensual and hot the scenes between Mona and Malcolm are. Each of their encounters is a wild and delightful fantasy, interwoven with mythology, history and lush eroticism. \n \"Is this all a dream?\" That's the only thing that makes any sense. \n \"You aren't dreaming,\" he said, and she knew that was true. She was awake and had been every time they had met. \"But if you were a dream, would you want to wake up?\" he asked. \n A good question. A fair question. A hard question, but one she answered easily. \n \"Never.\" \n I absolutely loved the conclusion to this gorgeous story. It was surprising and thrilling and completely satisfying! I fell in love with the rakish Malcolm. This book is unlike anything I've ever read. Tiffany Reisz writes with sensuality and skill. 'The Red' is a must-read for all erotic romance lovers!! \n \"Do anything you must, but keep me forever.\" \n (With many thanks to the author for a review copy.)
1 \"We got here, baby, through fire and blades, demons and curses, blood and plagues.\" \n Just WOW. I had high hopes for 'Fury' and Cat Porter exceeded every single one of my expectations and then some!! A gritty, incredibly sensual and emotional thrill ride. Put this one on your must-read list! \n \"Why did we have to sacrifice love for love?\" \n This is a story that spans decades and offers up the very best in the MC romance genre. There are many biker books out there but Cat Porter is one of the most talented writers in this genre. From the minute we first meet Lenore, she is tortured, anguished an abused. Finger is a young prospect being held prisoner and their bonds are forged in fire. \n Finger never forgets Lenore. She is branded onto his soul. There's is a love story that literally spans many years but cannot be denied. Once again, Ms. Porter writes characters that are devastatingly honest and real and their emotions are raw and brutal. The MC life is not an easy one. Many scenes in this book are raw and graphic. But through it all, Finger and Lenore rise above their savage pasts. \n \"Hell and heaven. Beautiful and horrible. We found each other first in the dark and then in the light and in all the shadows in between. No matter how I tried convincing myself that I should forget, the scars never allowed it.\" \n 'Fury' is a total roller-coaster ride of emotions. It takes a lot for me to cry but this book brought me to my knees! Never in a million years did I expect the twist to this book. AND, as if there wasn't enough to love about this story, I fell in love with Tania! HELLO. \n My favorite books involve couples who are older and have lived and experienced life. 'Fury' delivers that and then some. Finger and Lenore have suffered and triumphed through so much, I was hoping against hope that they would find their happy ending. Loyalty, brotherhood, love, devotion, revenge and friendship...'Fury' has it all. Don't miss this one!! \n \"She is at the crux. She is the flame. My fever, my fury. Let it roar.\"
1 4.5 Stars!! \n LOVED this sexy-sweet and romantic story!! I fell in love with the characters in this book and absolutely LOVE this author!! I knew from the first page that I would love this romance. Highly recommend. Full review to follow.
1 \"I'm curious whether you could ever like me, whether someone like you could be friends with someone like me.\" \n Sweet and lovely and important and fresh. Love the message of this book! \n Autoboyography is a beautifully written and very poignant M/M story with a MESSAGE. On the one hand is Tanner, a bisexual teen whose family accepts him and loves him for who he is, On the other hand is Sebastian, a devoted member of the Church of LDS whose rigid and intensely religious family strictly follows the doctrines of the church. Where homosexuality is forbidden. \n Tanner moved from California to Provo, Utah with his family when his mother accepted a wonderful job there. Although \"out\" to his family, he cannot be openly bisexual due to the overwhelmingly Mormon majority of his classmates, friends and the town. He falls hard for Sebastian, when he meets Seb in a writing class. Sebastian is about to have his first book published and is something of a celebrity around school and in town. He is also the teaching assistant for the writing class. The goal of the class is to write a book by the end of the course. \n \"Come on. I moved here when I was fifteen--which I think we can agree is the worst time to move from Palo Alto, California, to Provo, Utah--with a mouth full of metal and no friends. I have stories.\" Not to mention I'm a half-Jewish queer kid in a straight and Mormon town. \n Tanner becomes infatuated with Sebastian, but has no clue if his feelings are reciprocated. He is unsure if he is reading the signals wrong, or if Sebastian is just deeply closeted. Sebastian helps Tanner with his book. Could it be even remotely possible that Sebastian is gay? \n \"But how can I send my heart to him when he's just said, in no uncertain terms, that he doesn't speak its language?\" \n My heart ached for Sebastian and Tanner. Yes they did fall in love. And Sebastian's religion made him feel worthless and unloved by God and rejected by his family. He struggled with his feelings but knew that his family would never, ever accept his sexual orientation. So perfect from the outside, his family was actually intensely judgmental. \n I adored Tanner and the sweet romance that developed between these two. This is not a steamy romance at all but it was very passionate and sweet and believable and REAL. While the beliefs of the Mormon church sometimes felt like they were being recited from a textbook, I understood how Sebastian could be so torn between his service to the Church, and his desire to live an authentic life. How beautiful it was that he finally found someone to love. \n There are no evil characters here. Sebastian's parents simply see no other path for their son other than his upcoming missionary work for three years. That is what they did, and that is what is expected of Sebastian. This book is about having the courage to stand up for your principles and for who you are. When Sebastian finally realizes that, he has already broken Tanner's heart. This book is a journey that asks some tough and heartbreaking questions along the way. \n Seb and Tanner were hot for each other. It was a healthy exploration of their sexuality, but Seb's parents got to him and influenced him break up with Tanner. \n These are two sweet, loyal, kind and funny boys. They deserve happiness! I think it is hard for most people to accept a church that basically cuts parents off from their own children based on who they love. \n Overall I enjoyed the book because Tanner and Seb were so endearing and brave. I felt that the constant reminder that Tanner was a \"half-Jew in a Mormon town\" was overused, I got it the first 3 times it was mentioned . (Also not a fan of the new trend of placing a Nordstrom in virtually town in books. That takes me out of the book. If that part is fictional, what else about the LDS is made up? That's my dilemma.) \n Hopefully the LDS Church will have a \"revelation\" soon about coming out as gay or bi so that all of the wonderful young people can lead a full life with the love and acceptance of their families, friends and church. \n \"To think that God loves the trees, but condemns that blossoming thing they do in the spring.\" \n ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 First let me be clear that I ADORE Mia Asher and love her books. And this book was a perfectly sexy, fast-paced and truly engrossing story. And the cover...WOW!! One of my favorite covers ever and that is very important to me in deciding whether to read a book. \n The description is fabulous and the first half of the book was really fantastic. Just what I love in a contemporary romance. Valentina has been hurt by her husband William, and decides to stay in Paris alone when William cancels his travel plans there. Their trip was going to be an effort to reconnect as husband and wife, and re-kindle their love for each other. \n Valentina has become somewhat lost in her marriage, and feels that Paris will give her freedom and the opportunity to find her true self once again. She feels herself growing stronger as a person every day, and falls in love with the city. \n \"My arms outstretched, I'd danced to the vibrant music of life. I prayed for romance, adventure, the unknown. I wanted to fall in love and love to the point of no return. I wanted the turmoil, the stress, the upheaval, and chaos--the Sturm und Drang.\" \n And Sebastien. HOLY HELL!! I loved him from the minute he was introduced into the story!! A sexy French artist, what could be bad, non? Wellllll....besides stating that he was an artist and mentioning one or two of his paintings, there was no discussion of the art scene in Paris, what his artistic process was, just, nothing. I would have loved some discussion of his art. Something to fill out this part of the storyline. \n But I digress. Valentina meets the gorgeous and mysterious Sebastien and the two really connect. Sebastien has been emotionally closed off for many years, but finds himself falling in love with the beautiful, kind and sweet Valentina. I adore a good love triangle and I really felt tremendous sympathy for Valentina. She truly was torn between her husband and Sebastien. \n \"One day you're going to stop running away from me. And when that day finally comes, I'll be here waiting for you,\" he whispers softly, his words a caress. \"Now go ... before I change my mind and decide it doesn't please me to share you with others after all.\" \n There were some minor inconsistencies in the story but overall I loved the book until the last part. The plot just descended for me into soap-opera territory and was reminiscent of a favorite movie of mine - but it just didn't work for me here. Fans of Mia Asher will love this book, it just was not a favorite of mine. I will always read what Mia writes and eagerly look forward to her next books! \n Favorite quote: \n \"Il n'y a qu'un bonheur dans la vie, c'est d'aimer et d'etre aime.\" There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved. \n Our bodies are covered in sweat. The room smells like our dirty souls. And I fucking love it. \n There are others with far more classical features than hers. But none of them can hold a candle to her. She reminds me of the sea: untamed, unpredictable, but beautiful, so damn beautiful.
1 4.5 - 5 GORGEOUS STARS \n \"No rules. Live out loud. Find the sunshine.\" \n Simply stunning!! Emma Scott writes THE most lyrical and gorgeous fiction. Nik and Fiona have a permanent place in my heart! \n Called a contemporary romance \"with paranormal elements,\" I found this book to be incredibly moving and very, very touching. I would not exactly characterize the story as paranormal but more the tale of a deeply empathetic man who is simply searching for love and acceptance. And please don't be put off by this being the second book in a series. I have not read the first book and I absolutely fell in love with these characters and the plot. This book is a total standalone! \n Nik and Fiona are both lost and simply wishing for a better life. For Nik, he only wants to silence the cacophony of sounds and colors he sees and for Fiona, it is the hope of a new life in Costa Rica. And when they meet, it is pure magic. \n \"But it wasn't what was wrong with me, anymore. It was what was right. The girl exuded a calm that danced along my skin, and when I inhaled, it was like breathing in the scent of something delicious but far away. The thrumming life all around me grew quiet. For the first time, I felt close to peace, and I wanted more.\" \n What begins as a one-night stand with zero expectations for the future turns into a burning hot love and a deep, unbreakable connection. Emma Scott's love scenes are beautiful and SEXY and a joy to read! \n \"Nikolai Alexei,\" she whispered and cupped my cheeks to look at me in the dimness. \"Who are you?\" \n There are very important messages in this book as well as some very gritty and heartbreaking scenes. But ultimately the message is one of hope and acceptance and unconditional love. Once again, I won't soon forget the characters created by Emma Scott. A must-read! \n \"Love and hope,\" she said. \"That's life to me.\" \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 - 5 Stars!!! \n \"You know your reputation is just what everyone else thinks of you, your character is what you really are.\" \n Run, don't walk, to read this fantastic sports romance!! I am officially in love with Mariana Zapata's writing. This is my second book by this fantastic author and I am currently reading The Wall of Winnipeg and Me. I can't get enough!! \n I adore her strong heroines. Sal is a star soccer player in her Texas hometown. She's driven, focused and yes, a little socially awkward. She is absolutely shocked when she learns that her childhood idol, the superstar Reiner Kulti, is going to be one of her team's assistant coaches. \n I just sat there with the phone still to my face, lying in my bed two hundred miles away from where I'd grown up, soaking in the idea that Reiner Kulti--the Reiner Kulti-- was going to be my coach. I swallowed the nerves and anticipation down. No big deal. Right. \n Oh, and she also was sure that one day, she and Kulti would be married. She worshipped him until the cold reality of the sport brought her idol down a notch or ten and her dreams of a happily ever after were destroyed. Sal tries to hold it together and play it cool when Kulti arrives but she is starstruck just like everyone else. \n To my absolute horror, my inner thirteen-year-old, the one that had planned on marrying this guy and having soccer-playing super-babies with him, peeked in and reminded me she'd been around once. \n Kulti makes no friends when he joins the coaching staff. He is surly, silent and downright mean to everyone, players and fans alike. But Sal keeps reminded herself that he is human, just like everyone else, no better and no worse, and gradually, they reach a truce and an understanding. They actually become friends, with Kulti confiding in Sal that he doesn't trust anyone but he sees a real goodness and honesty in Sal. \n This book is a fantastic, enjoyable, slow-burn romance that had me literally staying up all night to finish. There is just something about Mariana Zapata's writing that is insanely addictive and completely REAL. My heart literally burst with emotion and I fell in love with Kulti. BUT do not expect instal-love here. In fact I wasn't even sure the main characters were ever going to have a civil conversation, let alone fall in love!! \n \"I used to have a huge crush on you.\" \n The German blinked at me and I had to fight the urge to twitch -- that would just make me look like I had something to hide. Which I did, but it wasn't like I wanted him to know that once upon a time there'd been posters of him all over my wall. Or that 'Sal loves Kulti' had been written in marker on every single notebook and folder I owned in middle school. \n \"Used to. Used. To. I was a little kid back then.\" \n Kulti seems hostile to everyone, including Sal. She slowly realizes that having worldwide fame and fortune might not be all that it's cracked up to be and that Kulti really can't lead a 'normal' life. Slowly Sal and Kulti become friends which poses a huge problem since he is one of the coaching staff. But the lines become blurred because Sal still has a huge crush on the very intimidating German. \n I'm not going to lie, not even a little bit. Besides a big butt, I had a thing for guys that spoke different languages. While Reiner Kulti was every bit as impressive of a male specimen as you could get physically, the way he spoke Spanish multiplied his attractiveness by about thirty percent. Okay, thirty percent minimum. But it wasn't like I could or would think about that too much. He was my coach. And I was his friend. Or something like that. \n This book is funny, sexy, romantic, exciting, action-packed...need I say more? Even if you are not a fan of sports romance, you will fall in love with Kulti. The author either really knows the sport of soccer (or football depending on your country) or she did some phenomenal research. The story was a pure delight from beginning to end. The last 20% of the book had me in tears!! I cannot recommend Kulti highly enough!! Mariana Zapata can do no wrong in my eyes. Kulti and Sal share a deep connection and a beautiful love story. This book is a must-read! \n \"This,\" he pointed between us. \"This is what matters. You are my gift, my second chance, and I will cherish you and your dream. I will protect both of you.
1 4.5 Stars \n LOVE LOVE LOVE this series! While not a standalone, 'American Prince' is just as magical and enticing as the first book. Without giving too much away, this book is Embry's story. Bad-boy Embry, who grows up to become the Vice-President of the United States. But he has always felt unworthy, of love, friendship and trust. \n \"I grew up around power, around the kind of people who exercised authority with effortless ease, but I myself had spent most of my life dodging any and all responsibility. Consequences were something to be charmed and flirted out of, other people were worth only how much fun they could give me. I had next to no practice taking care of other people...I could barely keep myself out of trouble.\" \n Poor Embry! He is selfless and misunderstood. I devoured this book and love how Sierra Simone reveals the real reasons why Embry acts the way he does. I loved reading his point of view of his relationship with Ash and with Greer. Yet another book by Ms. Simone that I could NOT put down! \n \"And if I ever thought Ash held all the power in their relationship, I see it clearly now. Embry holds my husband's heart in his hands and he doesn't even know it. He's too busy looking at the details of Ash's faces to see the expression, too busy being in love to see how loved he is.\" \n One of the things I love about this series is that there is no judgment from the author about the characters' choices or their lifestyle. They are just themselves. Always honest with other and always loving. Ms. Simone's great care in creating these characters is evident. This book ends on a cliffhanger but the final book will be released very soon so there's plenty of time to read this series before 'American King' comes out. This series is totally engaging and entertaining and I highly recommend it!! \n \"I'm done running from you,\" I said honestly. \"I tried and it didn't matter--you haunted me everywhere I went.\" \n \"And you haunted me,\" he murmured, rolling over to press his lips against mine once more. \"My little prince.\" \n And so the next act in our tragedy began.
1 \"How did it come to this? How did we get here? How will it end?\" \n What a perfect book to read during eclipse week 2017!! This taut and fast-paced thriller kept me on my toes until the very end. And what an ending! Kit and Laura are a young married couple who chase eclipses all over the world. It is an exciting, exotic lifestyle, hypnotic and mysterious all at once. \n \"Then the darkness comes. Without the countdown in the sky, it's pure and instant. All the street lights in the town below come on, so quickly it's like sparks igniting. Now, in the darkness, disappointment is replaced by the familiar thrill of totality. But this time it's different.\" \n The book begins in 2015 with Laura's point of view. She lives in London but she and her husband live anonymously. Why? The answer to that question unfolds slowly over the course of the book. We learn that Laura and Kit witnessed an violent assault during an eclipse festival years earlier and were witnesses for the prosecution during the trial of the attacker, Jamie. The trial was emotionally draining and physically exhausting for everyone and is described in minute detail. \n The brutal assault is also described in vivid detail so I was curious as to how any doubt could arise about Jamie's guilt or innocence. Just remember: there are many sides to each story. \n \"The moment you think about an act in terms of how, you are already halfway to doing it.\" \n We learn that Laura is now pregnant with twins but wants Kit to \"chase\" an upcoming eclipse while she stays behind in London, even though she is extremely paranoid about his travels. He has been an eclipse chaser since he was young and they both want to continue their adventures after their children are born. \n They live in fear that Beth, the young woman who had been raped years before, will find them again. She had befriended them after the trial of her attacker, but then became wildly unstable. Laura and Kit became convinced they had to disappear \"off the grid\" so that she would never find them again. \n This book was incredibly gripping and thought-provoking. It is told over the course of many years and features vivid characters and brilliantly-researched settings. The author forces the reader to confront their own morals and ask: What would you do in the same situation? \n \"Until that day I'd been thinking about the campaign in binary terms: either Jamie was in denial, or he was calling the world's bluff. But now a third possibility was inescapable, and one in which I was horrifically culpable. What if Jamie was innocent?\" \n This book was addictive and wildly surprising. The references to eclipses are fascinating and the format of the book is divided into the parts of an eclipse. With my husband and daughter away \"eclipse chasing\" while I was reading this book, the subject matter was even more compelling! With themes of loyalty, guilt and devotion, this book really did it for me. I highly recommend this creative and thrilling story!
1 Smart and sexy and delicious! I devoured this one. LOVE Ryder!!!! \n This is my second 1001 Dark nights novella and I really like this concept. Many of my favorite authors have written a novella in this format and so far, I have enjoyed the stories. Although 'Sweet Rivalry' is a standalone, Ryder first appeared in 'Sweet Cheeks' as Saylor's brother. This novella is a steamy, sweet and fast-paced romance that you can devour in one sitting. This short story is perfect for fans of Kristy Bromberg's steamy yet witty writing style. \n Ryder and his competitor Harper are bidding on a major construction project. They first met up during their college days and she has always been the best at everything. But Ryder is determined to win this time. Of course, they have some major chemistry, but business is business, right? \n \"Beard burn is a real thing. \n And oh my God it is everything I wanted it to be and then some. \" \n I always love the strong heroines in Kristy Bromberg's books. That is one of my favorites things about her writing. No wallflowers here! If you are looking for a fast, sexy, witty read with a guaranteed happy ending, then 'Sweet Rivalry' is just the ticket. My one complaint? That this story wasn't longer! Maybe we will get a full-length book about these two someday! \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 Stars!!! \n Romance lovers, rejoice and meet your next book boyfriend, Gabriel Dalton! \n \"You can't fix me you know...\" \n Mia Sheridan really knows how to create characters who have damaged souls and rough beginnings. People who are bullied, shunned and shut out from normal human interaction and love. And she's done it again with 'Most of All You.' Gabriel and Crystal's story is a rough journey and uncomfortable in parts, but so beautiful and uplifting that it is well worth the journey. \n \"He needed someone warm and caring. Someone who would nurture him and piece back together the broken parts. Someone who would look in his eyes and be his calming spirit. I was not that girl... \n This is in the end a totally swoon-y contemporary romance that has just the right amount of gritty reality to keep the story interesting. The main characters have both experienced deep heartache and childhood trauma that would break an ordinary person. Although this is most definitely a love story, the lovely way that Mia Sheridan treats Gabriel and Crystal's new and fragile friendship is the center and heart of the story. Books like this are why I read contemporary romance. Passion, honesty, damaged people simply searching for ordinary kindness - this book has it all. \n \"I was spellbound, caught once again in his gaze. No one has ever looked at me the way Gabriel was right then, not in all my life.\" \n While the more sinister elements of the plot are not detailed at length, there is enough revealed about both characters' pasts that explains why they act the way they do and the lives they currently lead. Gabriel is such a beautiful person that my heart ached for him throughout the book. \n \"Choice is such a loaded word, isn't it? Choices, though our own, were so weighted down with all the things that had come before, so stained with the messes of our past.\" \n This is a slow-burn romance but Gabriel and Crystal's story is SO worth the wait! Insta-love would NOT have worked here and I'm glad Mia Sheridan did not give into that often-used trope. Both main characters needed time to overcome their emotional barriers. And it felt oh so sweet when they finally come together. \n \"I wasn't a victim. I was a survivor...\" \n Mia Sheridan never fails to entice her readers. This is a heartfelt, sweet and very story and perfect for any romance reader. There is not too much darkness (I don't want to give too much away about the plot) but just enough to add drama and tension to the story. I guarantee you will fall in love with Gabriel Dalton! \n \"The longer she'd touched me, the more a yearning rose in my soul, so strong it took my breath.\" \n ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.
-1 I read this delightfully smutty book in a few hours and really enjoyed it. Yes the plot is a little far-fetched but the characters are engaging and the sexy times are CRAZY-hot. \n The title pretty much tells you what this book is all about. Chase is, well, a hot cop. \n \"There's always a woman waiting in the wings for a hot cop like him. A flock of them, even. In a place like Kansas, he's the closest thing we have to a rock star.\" \n Livia is a librarian who is approaching 30. She wants children but not a relationship. So Chase agrees to be a sperm donor with no strings attached. That's pretty much it. What I liked about this story was the well-developed characters and the funny banter. And the \"Kelley Trio\" - yes, Officer Kelley! \n Livia and Chase are insanely attracted to each other but both are extremely gun-shy about permanent relationships but they sure have loads of fun trying to make a baby! \n \"Megan, you never told me your brother was a hot.\" Oh my God. I didn't just say that. \n But I totally did. My face is heated with embarrassment. \"A cop! I meant a cop.\" \n This is a fun, sexy story with a very low angst factor. If you are looking for a guilty pleasure to enjoy for a few fun hours, then this is the book for you!
1 \"No matter what happens, even on your worst day, find something to be grateful about. It'll make you feel better.\" \n What a gorgeous book!! Emma Scott has a way of writing that is so beautiful, it is almost painful. But she also makes her characters seem real, very human, funny, flawed and just very authentic. \n Zelda finds herself all alone in New York City, having been robbed and left with nowhere to stay, She came to New York to try and see her graphic novel but is rejected and told to revise her project to give it \"more heart.\" She and Beckett meet by chance and I am not sure I have ever encountered two lonelier people than these two. \n \"One person alone against winter was rough. But two people, together... Together. A word I never used.\" \n Beckett and Zelda both have heartbreaking pasts. They both can't seem to move on but Beckett takes a chance on Zelda and lets her stay with him in his tiny apartment, temporarily and just as roommates. Slowly, they begin to realize that they care for each other but neither of them think they truly deserve happiness. This is a slow-build romance and the author takes care in creating a connection between the two main characters. I could feel them falling in love and was literally sobbing at the end. It is hard to explain when a book has that certain spark that makes it memorable but whatever it is, The Butterfly Project has it all. The writing is beautiful and there is plenty of steam but it is believable and very explosive when Beckett and Zelda finally get together. \n \"...I realized you could get used to anything--even being alone for years -- right until the moment you touched something better than what you had.\" \n A very sexy and emotional story, The Butterfly Project is one of my favorite books. It is a powerful tale of love and forgiveness. And the \"extras\" in this book are absolutely fantastic! All the stars to Emma Scott for this gorgeous story. \n \"You are my home, baby,\" he said. \"I never want to be anywhere else.\" \n ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.
1 4 1/2 Stars!! \n What a beautiful, gripping and intense story! I jumped into 'Preston's Honor' without knowing too much about the plot. There is so much to love about this book: second-chance love, burning passion, forgiveness and compassion. Lia, Preston and his brother Cole all grew up together in rural California. Lia's mother was a migrant farm worker and Lia always felt the pain of poverty and the sting of feeling not good enough. Not only did she have to endure teasing and bullying at school, her mother was also cold and unfeeling towards her. \n \"Nobody girl. Nobody girl. Nobody girl. Me.\" \n My heart!! Both brothers loved Lia, but through a series of events, it is Cole who begins to date Lia. Life happens, Preston and Cole leave for college and Lia is left behind in the small farming town. There are no opportunities for her to continue her education, and she is resigned to accept her lot in life. I absolutely love how the author sheds light on the conditions and the plight of our nation's migrant farm workers. Lia does her best but ends up working for minimum wage in order to support herself and her mother. \n The only bright spot in her life is Preston. She is overjoyed when he returns to town. Bound together by a tragedy, it is difficult to know whether their love will survive. \n \"Annalia. Christ. Seeing her again had been simultaneously torturous and joyful. I gripped the hair at my forehead, a sound of frustration coming up my throat. Hadn't that always been the case? Only this time . . . this time the shock of seeing her as a woman had nearly stopped my heart. I'd felt . . . breathless. Struck mute. Consumed.\" \n Will Preston and Lia be able to find happiness? Things really do seem hopeless for them and there is much heartache and misunderstandings between them. Lia was a lovely, honest, caring and gorgeous character (inside and out) and Preston was magnificent. My heart almost stopped several times while reading this passionate story! I was desperate for these two to find happiness. \n \"Thank you, Preston.\" For being my friend once, for giving me my first dance, for watching over me. It was all I had. It would have to be enough. \n Once again, Mia Sheridan does not disappoint. I highly recommend this beautiful tale of second chances, redemption and mercy. And the Prologue was a stunner!! Happy tears were flowing all around. \n \"Or actually, maybe this is exactly where we were meant to start. Tonight. This is our beginning, Annalia.\"
1 \"I want to own every inch of your skin, to be the only man who touches you, who tastes you. You think I wouldn't bid on a woman? That I shouldn't bid on you, of all people? I'll spend every cent I have, break every goddamn law to keep you.\" \n The second book of the Endgame series begins right were 'The Pawn' ended. Avery has really hit rock bottom. She is living in a rundown motel and has lost everything. But she is determined to get back what is precious to her and 'The Knight' is another deliciously dark romance that features some great characters and writing. \n Gabriel really cares for Avery. He is outwardly cruel but their scenes together are everything I love about Skye Warren's writing. He was almost brutally cruel in the first book but here, he seems to finally show his true feelings. But Avery wants nothing more then to get revenge on the man she believes led to her father's downfall. Make no mistake, Gabriel Miller is still a harsh and brutal figure, and he still remains mysterious. \n I love the supporting characters in this book and would love to read more about Avery's mother! The circumstances surrounding her death become more and more mysterious and I hope that the third book in this series tells more of her story. 'The Knight' ends on a surprising note and I can't wait to read 'The Castle,' the third book in this series. \n Skye Warren once again delivers the goods in this story. This series is dark, very sensual and dangerous. Highly recommend these books for all lovers of dark and sexy romance.
1 \"Some of the best times in life come from bad ideas.\" \n Sometimes you need a good old-fashioned romance to lose yourself in and Egomaniac is just the book! Vi Keeland once again shows her talent for writing a funny, sexy, tender-hearted romance that is creative, engaging and sweet. \n I enjoyed every minute of this book. Emerie and Drew \"meet cute\" and I was drawn in from the very beginning. What separates Vi Keeland's romances from the rest of the books out there is the heated chemistry between her characters and their wonderful banter. Emerie is new in town and winds up renting space from Drew, an aggressive divorce attorney. He is a commitment-phobe, for very good reason. I loved the way the author slowly revealed his history and I absolutely adored his POV!! This book is literally laugh-out-loud funny. \n \"And I suppose all of your women are fast asleep after you take care of them.\" \n \"Damn straight. I'm like a superhero. The Prolactinator.\" \n Egomaniac is a super-sexy, very fast-paced read that has lots of warmth and heart. It is witty and smart and very addicting. I loved all of the secondary characters and I hope that at least one of them is getting their own story soon! I really enjoyed this book and look forward to reading many more stories from this very talented author. \n \"Maybe, just maybe, neither one of us had found the right one before now...because we hadn't met each other yet.\" \n (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
1 \"Imagine a hospital where the structure itself becomes part of the healing process, or a home for dementia sufferers that actually helps them to remember. This house might be simple, but it's ambition is extraordinary.\" \n A fantastic psychological thriller that I could not put down!! Would you be willing to give up almost all of your worldly possessions for a chance live in a stunning home for very little rent? That is the fascinating premise of this book by JP Delaney, a pseudonym for a well-known writer. I read that the author did not want to reveal his/her gender because the book is told from a female point of view. I did not know this when I first read a sample, and the author succeeded in making me feel as though I was inside the narrators' minds. \n The brilliant architect Edward Monkford has designed One Folgate Street in London, a high-tech house with cutting edge design. Edward is a follower of minimalism to the extreme, so much so that the tenants must agree to abide by his extreme de-cluttering rules and regulations. But he sees his rules as so much more than control and firmly believes that a house really can change you from within. If you have to de-clutter your life, then you will begin to see what is truly important in life, and you will free your mind to become a better person. \n Emma and Jane are both looking for a fresh start. They are required to fill out a stringent and lengthy application in order to pass on to the final level of approval, which is a very brief meeting with the owner and designer of One Folgate Street. The rent is low and the house is located in a beautiful and quiet neighborhood. \n Edward is difficult, mysterious, brilliant, moody...but the chance to live in the magnificent home is so tempting, the women overlook all of this in order for a chance to live at One Folgate Street. The home is equipped with the latest high-tech gadgets, and the tenants must answer periodic questionnaires in order to continue living in the house. The evaluations test their ethics, their physical well-being and their state of mind and are quite literally crucial to continues living in the house. \n \"That's all anyone's looking for really, isn't it? Someone to take care of the mess inside our heads?\" \n The descriptions of the home are absolutely enthralling. I am still thinking about this book weeks after finishing! The idea of extreme de-cluttering is very thought-provoking and is woven inextricably into this intriguing story. Is Edward as dangerous and unhinged as everyone seems to think he is? This is a classic tale where NOTHING is as it seems. I literally read this book over the course of 2 days and was shocked by the surprising conclusion. \n The story is told from the point of view of Emma, who is seeking a safe neighborhood and a secure home after a recent break-in, and Jane, who has suffered a tragic loss and is seeking a new beginning. Their stories converge in a creative way and I loved how the author kept me guessing until the very last page. The house literally plays a central role in this book and to me is one of the main characters in this story. If you are looking for a thrilling read that will challenge you and your boundaries, then \"The Girl Before' is for you!! I LOVED it and highly recommend it for all fans of domestic thrillers. \n (Copy provided by the publisher via NetGalley.)
1 3.5 Stars \n 'Bombshell' was not quite for me, but was an engaging and verrrry sexy romance. I adore C.D. Reiss's writing and I know that not every book is for every reader. SO, although I love her trademark staccato-style of writing, it just didn't work for me here. This book seemed to be written more in the style of a screenplay, which is fine, but the rapid shifting between dialogue and settings was disorienting for me. \n I didn't really connect with the MC's until late in the book and I wanted to feel a connection not only TO them, but BETWEEN them. And the near-constant discussion of bodily functions was just very uninteresting to me. Would this make a cute movie? Absolutely. It just didn't work for me as a romance novel. \n The stereotyping of wealthy Hollywood insiders and the way they raise their children and constantly chase after their staff was also very uninteresting to me. I did enjoy the latter half of the book and loved the way Brad grew as a person and as a new father to Nicole. I am definitely in the minority on this book so by all means give this one a try if you love books about single dads and Hollywood superstars. C.D. Reiss continues to be one of my favorite romance authors and I will always read what this woman writes! \n (ARC provided by Montlake in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 Stars \n \"If you can't trust yourself, who can you trust?\" \n OMG!! Intelligent and thrilling page-turner that I read in almost one sitting! The rather abrupt ending was a little unsatisfying BUT the clever story kept me guessing. \n I think most people do something or fail to take action that may cause some guilt. Well this story begins with Cass taking a shortcut late at night and failing to stop and help a woman who is stopped on the side of the road. \n The motorist ends up dead. Cass feels guilty, but just as significant are the little things she begins to forget...how to run the washing machine, making dinner plans with friends, and even rather significant purchases. Her mother suffered from early-onset Alzheimer's. What is happening to Cass? \n Cass's mental well-being soon spirals out of control and she fears she will suffer the same fate as her mother. \n I literally could not put this book down! I FELT Cass's hysteria and fear. The last part of the book was thrilling and surprising and gave me everything I love about thrillers. I highly recommend this one for all fans of this genre and even if you want to step outside your usual genre. Cass was a memorable heroine and I was cheering for her all throughout the book. This is my first book by B.A. Paris and she has now become one of my faves!! \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 3.5 - 4 Stars \n I adore Jane Harvey-Berrick and her books are among my favorites. This story is a lovely, sexy romance with a good dose of old-fashioned angst thrown in. I liked the way the author exposed the horrific realities of dog-fighting so kudos to her for that. There was obviously lots of research that went into this book. Also loved that the heroine was a veterinarian. There is a good amount of steam in this book and the story makes for a wonderful afternoon or evening of reading. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 \"Mack was the only one for me. There was no way this feeling could ever be replicated...because it had been years in the making.\" \n Penelope Ward is an auto-buy author for me. Hands down, her second-chance romances are among my absolute favorite stories! Her main characters always have tons of heart, soul and chemistry, And humor! And I adore the catchy title of this book. \n Mack is devoted to his young son Johan who he enrolled in Frankie's class in Boston. Mack has broken up with his son's mother, with whom he had a long-term relationship. Mack and Frankie were roommates years before, with Frankie losing her heart completely to Mack. But they were not meant to be, and went their separate ways. \n Now Mack has shown up, determined to win Frankie back. She is the love of his life. The problem is that she now is living with her current boyfriend, an older, very stable college professor who adores her. What will Frankie do? Told in alternating POV's, we read how Mack and Frankie's love blossomed several years before. They are simply meant to be. \n \"Remember all those things you wished I could do to you? I'm about to make all your wishes come true if you let me.\" \n All the moms in school pursue Mack who is the resident DILF. Penelope Ward is seriously FUNNY and there are some hilarious moments in this book! But at its heart it is a gorgeous second-chance romance as only Ms. Ward can write. \n Mack Daddy is SERIOUSLY sexy and sizzling hot. I adored the supporting cast of characters and I fell in love with Mack's son Jonah. I also adored Frankie's boyfriend and felt very sad when she had to make her choice between Mack, the love of her life, and her current boyfriend. Ms. Ward handles this situation with grace and sensitivity. This book is warm and sweet and sexy all at once. Overall a lovely, emotional and sexxxxxy story with lots of heat and heart!! \n \"I lost all those years, only to end up in the same place, wanting you and wishing I hadn't ever let you go.\" \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 CD Reiss is one of my favorite romance authors. Her writing is mature, sexy, nuanced and never fails to grab me. And I do love books about marriage. Separation Games was a perfect conclusion to the first book in this series. Marriage Games ended with an unusual twist and I absolutely loved how the author worked things out between Adam and Diana. I feel both of their pain, confusion and longing. \n And Adam, OMG! He was one of the author's most memorable heroes. Wow. Both Diana and Adam are mature, smart and very driven. This book is off-the-charts sexy and is the perfect read for fans of mature contemporary romance with an erotic twist. \n \"Beg to come.\" \n \"Please.\" \n \"Beg harder.\" \n Adam and Diana do not have a easy path but when they do finally resolve their issues, it is explosive. I have never read a book by CD Reiss that I didn't love, and this duet is no exception. The supporting characters are all very well-written and the New York City setting adds another exciting layer to the story. The Epilogue is fantastic! I was actually sorry to see this story end. Highly recommend this steamy, emotional and very mature erotic romance. \n \"Your problem isn't that you don't love. Your problem is you love so much it scares you.\" \n (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
1 \"I know precisely the kind of woman you are, Daisy. And if you don't understand it, then it'll be up to me to show it to you.\" \n YASS!! If you need a Kristen Ashley fix, do NOT miss Marcus and Daisy's novella!! Pure goodness and beauty. \n If you're a fan of the Rock Chick series (and let's face it, who isn't??), Daisy has been a constant. Such a character! But without a doubt a sweetheart. Her story has been a long time coming and it hit all the hight notes. Only Kristen Ashley can make a novella feel as satisfying as a full-length novel. Marcus and Daisy are pure KA gold. All of the wonderful writing, emotion, plot and LOVE that you expect from Kristen Ashley are here. And kudos to the author for tackling a very sensitive subject and handling it perfectly. If you need a hit of Kristen Ashley, 'Rock Chick Reawakening' is your answer. It's everything you expect from the Queen of Alphas and much more. \n (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
1 This book started off as something else and then turned into a very adult, very erotic, very explicit romance that I really fell for. \n The first part of the book begins in college with Sabrina falling for the bad boy Donovan. I will admit that the beginning of this book, which was released as a separate novella, did not really hold my interest. But when the book fast-forwards 10 years and Sabrina has moved to New York, WOW!! The Laurelin Paige that I know and love returned with a bang. \n Sabrina is hired to work at the company run by Donovan and Weston. She is smart, driven and extremely competent. But yet she is still in many ways the insecure college student who felt out of her league with wealthy men like Donovan and Weston. \n This book is EXTREMELY explicit and explores the taboo subject of rape fantasies. So if that is not your thing, then you will not like this story. But if you are a fan of rollercoaster emotions, then you will love this book. \n Sabrina has always been obsessed with Donovan. But he is distant, cold, sarcastic. She and Weston have a fling, but she realizes that she still has deep feelings for Donovan, and cannot resist his allure. \n \"I don't want you to touch me like Weston,\" I said, once and for all. \"I don't want Weston! I want you!\" \n Donovan let loose the smallest hint of a smile. \"I know. I was waiting for you to know too.\" \n Sabrina goes back and forth with her feelings for Donovan. He was downright cold to her BUT he is so hot, she cannot stay away. I felt that this book really picked up around the 40% mark and I would urge everyone to give this thrilling and extremely sexy story a try. \n Why the 4 stars? I loved the absolutely electrifying chemistry between Sabrina and Donovan. The sexy times are off the charts. I did not love Sabrina's lack of self-esteem and her feelings of worthlessness. I hope in the next book she goes after what she wants. I found this book to be very engrossing, surprising and very, very adult. So that for me is a win. \n I love these kind of books where the hero is damaged and unloveable yet becomes obsessed with the heroine. I hope we get Donovan's POV in the next book and I cannot wait for the conclusion to Sabrina and Donovan's story!! \n \"Were you even going to say goodbye?\" I asked, pretending to balance accusation with acceptance when really I was hoping he'd say he'd changed his mind about going at all. \n He smiled lazily. \"I don't know what you mean. I'm still here.\" \n \"You're just as much already gone.\" \n His face was in the shadows, but I could feel his expression sober even if I couldn't see it. \"I'm less gone than you'd imagine.\" \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 - 5 Stars!! \n \"Just like I tell the boys, we don't play for one single run, we play to win the whole game. And I'm in it to win it.\" \n Mariana Zapata, where have you been all my life!? 'Wait for It' was completely engrossing; a slow-burn romance that really ignited my passion for reading again. And now I must decide which one of her books to read next! This was my first book by this amazing author, and I absolutely adored every single word of this incredible story! \n 'Wait for It' is not a predictable story. It is a solid, real, passionate romance, filled with heart and humor and heart-stopping love. Diana is single and raising two young boys. She is independent, funny, hard-working and definitely NOT looking for romance. \n She meets her new neighbor Dallas in a very unconventional way, and they actually get off to a very rocky start. Dallas is stern, uptight and seems to not like Diana very much AT ALL. \n What were you supposed to do when someone didn't want to be your friend or at least be friendly, and you'd tried your best? I thought I'd been a pretty good person. A pretty good neighbor. I hadn't done anything to make him feel uncomfortable. At least, I genuinely didn't think I had. \n Diana oh-so-slowly begins to realize what kind of man Dallas really is when he becomes the coach of her young boy's baseball team. Between baseball and being neighbors, Dallas begins to form a bond with Diana and her family that biomes the real backbone of this story. \n He has a soft spot for single moms. You are no one special, Diana, I reminded myself. You are no one special. \n Mariana Zapata's writing is so unique and fresh that I am going to pick up one of her other books next. I could not get enough of Dallas and Diana! The dialogue was snappy and felt SO real. The character development was strong and the romance unfolded perfectly. No insta-love here, folks. This couple built a solid foundation so that when they eventually got together, it was simply beautiful. \n 'Wait for It\" was the kind of book that I simply could not wait to get back to. Isn't that the best kind of story? If you are looking for a passionate story about two grown-ups who have lived and loved and lost, then pick up this book. It is gorgeous. \n \"She wouldn't be my first, but she'd be the only one who ever mattered. I think she could wait for the time to be right. I'd make sure she never regretted it.\"
-1 This story had so much promise! And I love Whitney G.'s writing style; in fact, Turbulence was one of my favorite books this year. This was a cute, fast read BUT several typos later and a heroine who sends sexually explicit emails from her work account and I'm out. Moving on with high hopes for this author's next book. Call me an eternal optimist.
1 Love the Reapers books so I was excited to read this when it released as part of the 1001 Dark Nights series. Joanna Wylde's writing is smart, funny and sexy. I love how Shade goes after Mandy but only claims her when he's sure she's in it all the way. Mandy's had her eye on Shade but didn't make a move because she already had a boyfriend, who was a total loser. \n \"When I first met Rebel, I'd teased him about having a crush on Shade because my new boyfriend couldn't stop talking about the man. Then I'd met Shade in person. Now I got it. Rebel worked hard to make sure everyone knew he was a big, bad biker. Shade didn't have to work at it. He just was big and bad.\" \n Joanna Wylde's MC books are among my favorite stories and this story reminded me why I love her so much. Her women are strong, resilient and tough as nails. Not to mention down-to-earth and self-deprecating. Mandy can't resist the allure of Shade, the President of the Reaper's MC, even though she is conned into being alone with him for the first time. \n \"He was the biggest, nastiest bastard in the room--not to mention easy on the eyes--and deep down inside I just knew we'd make beautiful babies together. Too bad I already sort of had a boyfriend... Shade was so potent we'd probably have quintuplets or something crazy on the first try. You don't even want a baby, I reminded my quivering ovaries. Jump him! Jump him and ride him like a cowgirl! they snapped back. Just think how sexy and strong he is. His sperm could kick Rebel's ass and you know it!\" \n Shade is NOT looking for an \"old lady,\" or even anything more than a one night stand. He makes this very clear to Mandy. Which is fine with her, because she has had nothing but rotten luck with her previous boyfriends. \n \"Girls wanted flowers and roses and forever. I wanted the road under my tires and something new on the horizon. Never understood why so many of my brothers were willing to settle down in one place. I wasn't that guy. Never had been. Never would be.\" \n There's lots of action and lots of steamy, dirty scenes and just lots of fun in this story. I adore Joanna Wylde and this story satisfied my craving for her MC stories. Loved visiting with the Reapers MC again. 'Shade's Lady' was a witty, funny, sexy and fast read. Highly recommend for all fans of MC romance. \n \"I'd never been much of a believer, but in that moment I saw Heaven and it was glorious.\"
1 Holy hotness, Batman! So much to love about this book!! (And some things, not so much!) But overall, Hail Mary was a deliciously naughty sports romance with some unforgettable passion between the main characters. Nicola Rendell is definitely a writer to watch and her book kept me engaged and laughing until the very end. \n This is a dirty, dirty book and LOTS of fun. Even if you don't usually read sports romance, give Hail Mary a try! You will love this very spicy and very funny story. I loved that Jimmy and Mary were mature adults, with families, jobs, friends and very full lives. Jimmy had a sweet side and Mary was absolutely lovable and perfectly relatable. Yes, there is a touch if insta-love but it worked perfectly in this story. And the Chicago setting was fantastic. \n Hail Mary was a well-written, engaging, romantic and hilarious story with maybe THE sexiest scene I have read this year. There, I said it. Hello, champagne bottle! *Fans self* I truly loved this book and love this author's fresh writing style. What detracted from the story for me was the unprotected sex when Jimmy and Mary hardly knew each other (sorry, a big turn-off for me). I also found it a little unbelievable that Mary had no clue who Jimmy was, when they both lived in the same city where he was a famous football star. But, other readers didn't seem to mind so read this little gem of a story and judge for yourself! It's got plenty of heat and humor to please even the most jaded romance reader. I can't wait to see what's coming up next for this wonderful new author! \n \"Yeah? You think so? You think you can handle me?\" \n Her eyes widen a little. \"I think so,\" she whispers. \n Then I let her slip from my arms, such a fucking shame, but I'm not about to let her open her own door. As she gets into the cab--on the street side, the safe side--I say into her ear, \"We'll just see about that.\"
1 3.5 STARS \n Another sexy, modern contemporary romance from Katy Evans! Very enjoyable with a very relatable heroine. And Callan!! WOW!! \n A very fast-paced and super-sexy story, 'Womanizer' takes place in Chicago and follows Olivia, a young intern at a hugely successful company owned by Callan Carmichael. Part of the Manwhore series, this book can absolutely stand on its own but favorite characters from the earlier books do make appearances here. Olivia is starting a new internship at Carma, Inc. and is determined to make a name for herself at the company. Even though her brother Tahoe helped her get the job, she is very driven and wants to make a great impression. \n Callan and Olivia fall for each other very quickly, and even though they both know their relationship can't really go anywhere because of the nature of their working relationship, they feel an undeniable connection. Their dialogue and flirting is sexy and fun and Olivia doesn't expect them to last beyond the length of her summer internship. \n Lots of readers will love 'Womanizer' for the main characters' chemistry, the settings and the feisty heroine. I enjoyed it as light and steamy story. If you are looking for a quick and upbeat romance with a super-hot hero, I would recommend this book. I loved the Chicago setting and smart heroine. The Epilogue was absolutely fantastic! \n (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
1 \"Sometimes you come across a rainbow story--one that spans your heart. You might not be able to grasp it or hold on to it, but you can never be sorry for the color and magic it brought.\" \n What a beautiful journey! 'Mists of the Serengeti' is a lush story set against the harsh reality of the wilds of Africa. Ro and Jack are brought together by a terrible tragedy. Jack has been left bitter and empty; Ro is grief-stricken but still has the ability to laugh and relate to other human beings. I will admit I was a little reluctant to dive into this story, knowing it begins with a horrible event but I was immediately and completely captivated by these characters. \n \"I caught a glimpse of his soul. So many pieces of him had been fed to the lions. And as dark and bitter as it had turned him, he was a gladiator for standing where I would have surely fallen.\" \n The African backdrop is almost like another character in this book - harsh, stunning and dangerous. The descriptions of the land, its inhabitants and its wildlife are magical. I was literally lost in the pages of this story! Leylah Attar remains one of my favorite writers and I have devoured everything she has written. 'Mists of the Serengeti' is a gorgeous and uplifting story filled with romance, love, life and tears. Don't miss it!! \n \"My greatest loss had led to my greatest love. Hearts were broken, and hearts were healed. Lives were lost, and lives were saved.\"
1 5 STARS!! \n An intelligent, twisty psychological thriller that kept me up all night! I'll try not to reveal too much about the plot because it is a shocker! Zoe is a stunning Manhattan socialite, living in a world of charity dinners, beautiful apartments and gorgeous vacation homes. She has everything she could want at her fingertips: a designer wardrobe, a private cook and romantic getaways with her perfect husband, Henry. \n \"I stop protesting his indulgence, when he buys me clothing and shoes and jewelry. I stop looking for the catch. There doesn't seem to be one. So what do you do?\" \n But right from the beginning, there are cracks in Zoe's perfect life, and we don't know whether it is from her damaged past or from someone or something in her current life. She is growing bored as Henry's wife, and longs for her younger self, when she had a job, friends and freedom to do whatever she wanted. She begins to chafe in her perfect little bubble. \n \"I can prepare dinner and I have on occasion, but he always insists we ask Penny, which irritates me. I have all day in this echoing apartment, my own voice bouncing off the sterile, bare walls and marble floors. Sometimes I wonder if uselessness can kill a person.\" \n Zoe is witty, sarcastic and smart, and all of the characters were engaging and interesting. I loved her connection with Henry, and even though she was in love with him, she never quite felt that she really \"knew\" him at all. \n \"Henry is a product of a traditional household and paternalism runs deep in his veins, which I find both charming and a little infuriating, depending on the day.\" \n But is Zoe just imagining things where they do not exist? Henry is the perfect husband and all he wants to do is please her. The author did a great job at creating characters I really cared about. With all his odd mannerisms, Henry seems to be in love with his wife and do everything for her. After a charity event, Zoe begins to question her past and seeks out certain people that she had thought were long gone from her life. I don't want to give anything away because this book is full of surprises and fantastic twists and turns. I absolutely loved Zoe's slow awakening from a bored housewife to a woman with a purpose. The author kept me guessing for the whole book! \n 'The Vanishing Year' has been called a \"domestic thriller\". This is a perfect description. It is an edgy, sexy, exciting story that kept me guessing until the very end. The little clues sprinkled here and there, the red herrings, the gorgeous Henry all added up to the perfect thriller for me! Don't miss this one. I can't wait to read more books by the amazing Kate Moretti. \n Favorite quote: \n \"It wasn't that long ago that I found this sort of convenient arrangement of our lives to be charming, like a party card trick. A sleight of hand here, a simple misdirection there, and Voila, here's your dinner. Now, it crawls under my skin and festers there, like a chigger, and the whole thing makes me itch.\" \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 Stars! \n \"I'm good at being what people want me to be. Watch me . . . You'll see.\" \n In this smart and very engaging mystery, we're treated to three different perspectives on a crime that occurs very early on in the book. Hattie is a good girl, having grown up in a small town where everyone knows everyone else. She aches to break free and move to New York City after high school. Hattie is the perfect daughter, student, girlfriend and friend. \n But Hattie has a secret life, one that threatens the delicate balance of her small Minnesota farming town. She is merely pretending, acting a role, when the \"real\" Hattie is far from perfect. Her actions will affect and change many people's lives forever. Peter is her high school English teacher who feels trapped in a loveless marriage. And Del is the lead investigator on Hattie's brutal murder. His voice lends a dry wit and careful reason to the series of events unfolding around him. Can he be neutral when the families he has known his whole life are brutally affected by this unspeakable crime? \n \"Mom warned me that I had a lot to learn about the world. I wished she would've mentioned how much the learning was going to hurt.\" \n I was enthralled by this deeply moving thriller! The small-town atmosphere is perfectly captured by the author. Every characters is flawed, some more so than others. I never saw the ending coming. This book was fast-paced, smart and engaging. Don't be put off by the endless comparisons to other best-sellers in this genre. 'Everything You Want Me to Be' stands on its own as a poignant and suspenseful story. Highly recommended for all fans of psychological thrillers and murder mysteries! \n \"You can't live your life acting for other people. Other people will just use you up. You have to know yourself and figure out what you want. I can't do that for you. Nobody can.\" \n (With thanks to Atria Books for the ARC.)
1 In the myth of the Minotaur, Theseus, son of King Aegeus, decides that he will slay the monster. He runs the beast through with a sword and then retraces his steps using the string, thus saving all the sacrifices that year and in the future. I've reached the center of the maze. I'm facing my very own Minotaur. \n Skye Warren is one of my go-to dark romance authors. Her books never fail to enthrall, entertain and excite. 'The Pawn' is trademark Skye Warren: a sheltered, innocent young woman, smart but faced with almost insurmountable odds against her, and a dark hero, who seems unbearably cruel but who might just have a soft side. \n Avery's whole world has collapsed and she faces loses her family's home. Her father is dying and she has nowhere to turn. She agrees to an auction, which goes against everything she believes in. Enter Gabriel Miller, dangerous, handsome and ruthless. Even though he was the cause of her family's downfall, can he possibly be her savior? \n He steps back with a quiet laugh. \"You can run away, little virgin. But you'll come back.\" I'm very afraid he's right. \n Avery is afraid to trust Gabriel but she has nowhere else to turn. Gabriel turns out to be sensual and protective but even more mysterious than Avery first thought. He is her father's enemy but he can't stay away from Avery. \n \"What am I then?\" \n \"You're innocent. And I'm going to ruin you.\" \n The certainty in his voice chills me. \n I devoured this dark and sexy book in one sitting. Skye Warren is the BEST at writing uber-sexy, controlling men and Gabriel Miller is one I won't forget! 'The Pawn' is a fast-paced tale of revenge and control, perfect for lovers of dark romance. Avery and Gabriel are perfect together and I was thrilled to have the second book to start immediately after finishing! \n You can have my body, I think. But you can't touch my heart. \n Favorite quote: \n \"I'm acting like a man who got what he paid for. Excellent service. Would you like a review on Yelp? Five stars.\"
1 If you need some light and frothy romance in your life, then you will love Emma Chase's latest story and her very funny, very male POV. \n Prince Nicholas is the heir to the throne in a fictional country. This story is a pure fairytale, down to the names of some of the characters to the plot. Poor Nicholas has followed the rules his whole life. And now it is time for to select a wife, but only because his grandmother the Queen is forcing him to finally settle down. He can't bear the thought of it and takes off for the United States for one last \"fling\". \n \"If you were told that the world as you knew it--life as you knew it--would end in five months, what would you do? You'd make the most of the time you had left, of course. Do everything you wanted to do--everyone you wanted to do--for as long as you could. Until time was up. Well...looks like I've got a plan, after all.\" \n Olivia is hard-working \"commoner\" who runs her family business in New York. She is having a tough time keeping the struggling diner going. Nicholas happens to stumble into the diner after a wild night of partying and is stunned by the beautiful Olivia. \n If Helen launched a thousand ships, this girl could raise a thousand hard-ons. \n Of course, their relationship is NOT supposed to happen! He can't possibly fall in love with a commoner! So they agree to a brief summer fling. Olivia is not easily impressed, but even she realizes that they both live in very different worlds. \n ...I grab his arm, shaking. \"I don't think you understand--you live in a freaking castle!\" \n \"Technically, it's a palace. Castles were built for defense, palaces more for the monarch to hold court in appropriate grandeur.\" \n And Jesus, I want to stick my tongue down his throat. \"Have I told you how hot it is when you roll out the royal facts?\" \n 'Royally Screwed' is a very charming fairytale with a healthy does of Emma Chase's trademark spicy humor. All of the characters also seem very down-to-earth with many of the same problems and heartaches as everyone else. \n Nicholas knows he lives in an insulated world and he does his best to keep Olivia safe. But wicked characters are lurking everywhere, in the form of the paparazzi, jealous old girlfriends and even the Queen herself. Their relationship seems doomed from the start. \n \"It not easy being my friend; it's even more difficult being my lover. Think of me as a walking exploding bomb--anything near to me will eventually become collateral damage.\" \n What I enjoyed about this book was the witty, sexy, fast-paced dialogue and the engaging supporting characters. There's also a wonderful theme of family and duty running through this story that I really loved. \n The author has created a very relatable fairytale that provided an escape from real life. The ending was a lovely surprise and along with Nicholas and Olivia, I adored his brother Henry. I can't wait to read his story! \n \"She looks into my eyes and I'm lost. Wrecked. Owned. There's no thought, no desire--except to please her. Make her see stars and touch heaven.\"
1 Katy Evans has created another sweet AND swoony hero! I read this hot romance between Matt and Charlotte in one siting. 'Mr. President' is a feel-good story set against the exciting backdrop of America's capitol. With the U.S. election season almost at an end, we all can use a good old-fashioned political romance! \n Matt and Charlotte were both born into political families. Charlotte is the daughter of a senator and Matt is the son of a former U.S. president. Their futures seem pre-destined. But Charlotte is not sure what she wants to do with her life, until a promise she made as a child now comes back to life. She had promised Matt that if he ever ran for president, that she would join his campaign. Now fast-forward to the present day and a young and very promising Matt is running for president as an independent candidate. \n He is very passionate about changing the world. Charlotte, who worked for her mother's organization assisting women in need, is totally captivated by him and can't hep but be mesmerized by him. This is a political campaign so Matt's every move is being watched. Charlotte is a campaign staffer. Will they ever be able to go public with their very passionate romance? \n I loved that this book had a very upbeat and positive spin on American politics. Ms. Evans seems to have really done her homework on the inner workings of political campaigns and it really shows. Matt and Charlotte had amazing chemistry together, even though this story was a slow-burn romance. It does conclude on a bit of a cliffhanger but the next book in the series will be releasing very soon, in January 2017. I can't wait to see how Matt and Charlotte's romance plays out. \n \"We're a perfect couple, in the most imperfect situation.\" \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 Well. I was prepared to love this book. Even the clever cover grabbed my attention. While I deeply cared about the MC's, some parts of the book were a bit too slow for me and the endings felt rushed. So I really liked this book a lot. I loved the creative and clever plot and was totally taken by surprise by the conclusion. I never saw that coming! \n I felt the deep connection between the MC's and it just felt \"right\". It seems that no one cared much for Mia, so much so that no one was sure she was actually missing as opposed to just being irresponsible. Cold, her kidnapper, actually saves her life by hiding her away once he realizes that she will be useless to his boss once a ransom is collected. \n There is much more to the story: there is the sad tale of James and Eve's marriage, the father's coldness toward Mia for most of her life, and the superstar sister who outshines Mia at every turn. The only one who seems to really care about her is her captor. \n Lots of readers didn't like the jumping back and forth in time in the narration but I felt it added a sense of disorientation which was necessary in the book. All in all, a sturdy thriller hat kept me turning the pages all night. I cannot believe 'The Good Girl' is the first book by Mary Kubica! I cannot wait to read her other books!
1 \"You're the best mistake I've ever made.\" \n 'Four Letter Word' (clever title, no?) was everything I expect from J. Daniels: sweet and funny banter mixed with THE hottest romance and deeply-felt emotion. Brian and Sidney's story was unexpectedly dramatic but completely readable and satisfying! \n Brian and Sidney meet by accident in the funniest way. Their surprise connection and relationship then develops via text messages and phone calls, BUT it really worked for me! Sidney is completely devastated and betrayed as the story begins, so she will she ever learn to trust another man again? Even one as \"perfect\" as Brian Savage? \n \"I needed you, but I didn't know I needed you until you reached out to me.\" \n As with all of J. Daniels books, the hero and heroine and totally relatable and very \"real\". They have regular jobs, very good friends and and just came across as very down-to-earth. The secondary characters here were all wonderful: great supportive friends who stood by Brian and Sidney through everything! \n Brian was a fantastic, sexy, dirty-talking Alpha with a sweet and loving and sensitive side. He and Sidney have fantastic chemistry and I was rooting for them to make things work. I absolutely loved how Brian always tried to do the right thing and be the perfect man for Sidney. He made some terrible sacrifices and poor choices BUT he completely won me over with the way he treated Sidney! \n 'She couldn't know too much. She could never know. Never. I gave her enough so I could still have her, but I took everything.' \n 'Four Letter Word' was a wonderfully paced and steamy story, perfect for when you crave a sweet and sexy contemporary romance. J. Daniels is one of my go-to romance authors, and she really delivered with Brian and Sidney's story. I cannot wait for more stories in this series! \n 'Love was a risk. It was wild and unpredictable. You could either hold on for the ride, not knowing how it would end, or you could let go and never know the amazing you could've had.' \n ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.
1 3.5 - 4 STARS \n \"Today would be different. Tomorrow would be different. Forever would be different. She could fight me all she wanted. She could vent and freak the fuck out to whoever she was on the phone with. But, when I hit the bottom stair, I would not be leaving. Ever.\" \n While this book was very readable and had a fast-paced plot and interesting characters, it just didn't quite do it for me. I am in the minority on this one so read Retrieval for yourself and you might love it! I loved the scenes between Roman and Elisabeth and yes, they absolutely belong together! Their lives are intertwined with Walt and Clare. I adored Roman's sexy, uber-alpha ways. BUT there were too many inconsistencies in the story for me. The ending felt a bit rushed and I would have liked to have have spent more time with the main characters before the book ended. \n (view spoiler)[ For example, during their separation, Roman sent Elisabeth huge company checks for several hundred thousand dollars. You can't just write a check like that without accounting for it on a balance sheet or an accrual. It's not like writing a personal check! And she never cashed them, which would also raise some accounting red flags. But, okay. (hide spoiler)] \n The catchy plot will definitely please most readers and Roman and Elisabeth are something special. The book ends very abruptly and the second book with be about Clare and another character from Retrieval. Overall, this was a fast and mostly enjoyable book.
1 WOW!! An intense, sexy and VERY suspenseful romantic thriller with an edge. Lucas is one of the author's most memorable characters ever. \n \"I wish she knew how much I want to be normal for her.\" \n Read the book description and then dive in to this fast-paced and dramatic story. I really don't want to go into too much detail because spoiler-free is the way to go with this one! Fans of J.B. Salsbury know that she always creates THE most sensitive, damaged and protective heroes, but trust me, Lucas is VERY different from all her other characters. \n Lucas is trying to live a quiet and uneventful life, having lived through a terrible trauma. His daily struggles are painful and feel very real. Told in alternating POV's, the book also tells Shyann's story. She has come back home, not exactly willingly, in order to start over again while working for her dad. 'Split' is not what you'd expect from J.B. Salsbury but it is a wonderfully sensitive and VERY sexy story. With tons of suspense! \n Lucas is a beautifully damaged soul who deserves a happily ever after. The ending surprised me but it was absolutely perfect for these characters! I LOVED Ms. Salsbury's venture into romantic suspense and can't wait to read more stories like 'Split.' \n With thanks to the author for providing an ARC in return for an honest review.
1 4.5 Stars!! \n \"Take the hoodie off. Please. I'll only look with my eyes.\" \n OMG this book was SO funny!! Sweet and sugary but sexy and romantic, too. I devoured this confection of a story. I am absolutely floored that this was a debut novel! Every line was funnier than the one before. And the story was pure enjoyment! This book was the perfect antidote for me. \n Lucy and Josh are co-workers at a large publishing company who end up competing for the same job. I am very picky about office romances because (a) I work in an office, and (b) they are usually so unrealistic and overly simple. Not 'The Hating Game'. The author nails the workplace setting perfectly. \n Lucy and Josh HATE each other. Like, they can't even stand to be in the same room together. But they share an office! They are complete opposites in every way. He is cold and controlling, she is warm and friendly. He is REALLY tall, she is VERY petite. They tease each other incessantly. \n \"Stop calling me Shortcake.\" \n \"Watching you pretend to hate that nickname is the best part of my day.\" \n The writing in this book was absolutely hilarious. The dialogue was fresh and original. \n \"I don't like big guys. They're too much like horses. They could trample you if you got underfoot. He is auditing my appearance with the same narrowed eyes that I am. I wonder what the top of my head looks like. I'm sure he only fornicates with Amazons.\" \n Lucy and Josh eventually end of competing for the same job which would mean a huge promotion for both of them. Lucy comes to realize that their mutual and VERY public dislike for each other just might actually be mutual lust. She can't help but drool over Josh's perfection every single day. \n \"Today is a magnificent black T-shirt day. Write today in your diaries. Tell your grandchildren stories about it. I tear my eyes away, but they slide back moments later. Underneath that T-shirt is a body that could fog an elderly librarian's glasses.\" \n This book reminded me of 'Tangled' by Emma Chase. The writing is smart, sexy, funny and very sharp. Both characters here are fully developed and the secondary characters are just as interesting! I fell in love with both Lucy's and Josh's families. AND I loved the characters' growth over the course of the book. \n \"I've got so much inside me I have no idea about. I'm like the mayor of a city I've never seen.\" \n I highly recommend this book if you are in the mood for a sweet and sexy modern romance with the perfect amount of wit and sarcasm. \n \"In the dark, I slide my body against his, feeling his sighs, and I tug him down to lie on me properly. \n \"I'm pretty heavy. I'll flatten you.\" \n \"I've had a good life.\"
1 I read this sweet and warm romance in one sitting. Not too much angst, but plenty of steam and heart to satisfy every fan of contemporary romance. The story revolved around a sexy pilot, Carter, who embarks on a romantic and unplanned adventure with Kendall, a girl who is running from her future. \n 'Playboy Pilot' is a fast-paced, glamorous story that takes the reader to places around the world. It is a bit of escapist fantasy that is grounded in reality but is very funny, sexy, and enjoyable. \n Kendall and Carter meet in an airport when she is trying to decide what to do with the rest of her life. Carter is sexy as hell, a gorgeous pilot, and right then Kendall makes a rash decision that will change her life. Yes, Carter has had a wild past but he is completely honest with Kendall and does not try to hide his past. This is ultimately a very sweet romance, filled with lots of heart, written in the style that I love by these two authors. You can always count on a happy ending for the MC's in Penelope and Vi's books even if their path is not so smooth getting there. Enjoy! \n All good things must come to an end, right? \n Except our ending was one I didn't see coming.
1 What a perfect ending to a fantastic series! 'Beautiful' is a delicious, dizzying, sexy, funny and poignant story. 'Beautiful Bastard' was one of my earliest fanfic favorites and while I am sad that this series is ending, I thoroughly enjoyed this yummy story. \n This is a light-hearted, upbeat and sexy book that delivers on all fronts. As with the earlier books, all of the characters are inter-connected. Jensen is Hanna's bother and Pippa is Ruby's friend. They meet in the most adorable way on an international flight but of course neither one knows the who the other is. They meet up again and of course, sparks fly. These two could not be more opposite: Pippa is breaking free from her old life and is living \"in the moment\" for the first time in her life, and Jensen is a complete workaholic. But opposites attract, right? So while on a road trip, Pippa and Jensen start a wild fling. \n \"Your hair like this makes your eyes bluer,\" he continued, and my mind hit the brakes. \"Makes your lips pinker. Makes you look too perfect to be real.\" \n This is a fast-paced and endearing romantic comedy with an absolutely perfect Epilogue. I loved seeing the whole gang reunited again and enjoyed every minute of this book. Jensen and Pippa were fabulous together and the ending was exactly what I hoped for! \n 'It's too bad I'm too eccentric for you. It's too bad you're too busy for me. It's too bad I'm only learning my heart and you have yours rolled in bubble wrap.' \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 3.5 - 4 Stars \n I ADORE Renee Carlino and I think that all of her other books are beautifully written. 'Not in This Life' is one my top favorite books! 'Lucian Divine' did not have the depth that I expect from this writer's work. There was plenty of \"tell\" but not enough show. This lack of detail led to me not really feeling the bond between the main characters. \n Without spoiling the plot, there are just too many open questions in this book. The ending felt rushed. There are elements of romance, sex and even humor here, but I never \"felt\" the love between Evey and Lucian. I like that the author wrote a story that is certainly different and unexpected. Some readers may enjoy this type of book, but it was just not for me. I loved the Epilogue and the ending for these characters was perfect. Definitely try this one and judge for yourself! \n (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 Stars!! \n One of Alessandra Torre's best books. Couldn't put it down!! Crisp, concise, fast-paced and enthralling. All of the ingredients for a great read! \n \"If you lie enough times, no one believes your truth.\" \n This book is Alessandra Torre at her best: no-nonsense, smart and engaging fiction. Helena is a very unlikely heroine, prickly, moody and basically angry at the world. She doesn't want to rely on anyone at all. She even keeps her long-time agent Kate at arm's length. \n \"On rare days, Kate regrets ever meeting the woman. But on most days, she just wonders about her. They say all geniuses are a little mad. Maybe Helena's madness just took longer to come out.\" \n But Helena as a story to tell and she doesn't have much time to do it. She sets her sights on one writer, and one writer only, to become her ghostwriter. A competing romance author, Marka writes books that Helena actually despises. But she sees a talent there that would be perfect for her own story. \n \"What's happened to me? I have a story that I don't have time to tell. I have an empty house that reeks of death. I have no friends, no family, and no one to ask for help. I'm dying, and it's the best thing that has happened to me in a long time.\" \n Alessandra Torre builds the suspense perfectly in this book, all while holding the reader's attention and slowly revealing the terrible secret about Helena's life. This book is also a fascinating glimpse into the lonely life of a writer and the almost obsessive need to get the words out at all costs. \n \"You can tell them who you are, or what your job in the book was. I don't mind if they know I've had help.\" \n They. The gods in their world, the eyes on which the axis rotated. The readers. The critics. What would they think? \n This is most definitely not a romance but the main characters are both renowned romance writers. Helena's own story begins as a romance but you just know it is NOT going to conclude with a happily ever after. \n \"Boys like him don't go for girls like me, they don't follow me with their eyes, or listen when I speak. They don't lean closer or want more.\" \n I absolutely loved this book. Once I started I could not put it down. I applaud the author for creating a heroine who is far from loveable yet completely and utterly captivating. No question that astute readers will figure out the terrible secret before the surprising conclusion, but this book is a total winner nonetheless. It is completely original and inventive. I have never read anything like it. Alessandra Torre deserves all the accolades for this one! \n \"Soon ... my final story will come out, and everyone will know the truth. \n (Reviewed from an ARC obtained from NetGalley.)
1 Mind-bending and completely unique, take a chance and read this book!! This fast-paced, twisty science-fiction thriller was just what I needed to get out of a reading slump! Even if you don't usually read this genre, DON'T MISS DARK MATTER! It is a brilliant romantic suspense story that had me guessing until the very end. \n There IS a romance at the heart of this story of scientist/professor Jason Dessen, because to me, the struggle to get back to his beloved wife is what drives most of the action in this book. I went back and re-read the first chapter of this book after I finished to get a better picture of the sudden and violent kidnapping that occurs at the very beginning of this book. \n \"My life is great. It's just not exceptional. And there was a time when it could have been.\" \n \"You killed your ambition, didn't you?\" \n \"It died of natural causes. Of neglect.\" \n Jason is literally snatched from his current life and ends up in a place that might be a dream. He can't tell the difference between real-life and fantasy, until it slowly starts to dawn on him what is really happening to him. The author made me feel sad, nostalgic and thrilled all at once. Plus there is an ethical dilemma at the heart of this story. \n \"I feel insanity stalking me again, threatening to curl me up fetal and shatter me into a million pieces.\" \n Dark Matter is best read without knowing any spoilers. AND I was thrilled to learn that it is going to be made into a movie!! YES!! Paging Viggo Mortensen or Michael Fassbender! This story literally had me on the edge of seat the entire time I was reading. Just when I thought I had things figured out, I was surprised and thrilled by the next turn of events. Part philosophy about what might have been, part romance, and all suspense, Dark Matter is a book I won't soon forget. \n \"It's the beautiful thing about youth. \n There's a weightlessness that permeates everything because no damning choices have been made, no paths committed to, and the road forking out ahead is pure, unlimited potential.\" \n (With thanks to NetGalley and the publisher for a review copy.)
1 Absolute unforgettable story of the power of a mother's love. The book has an uplifting and positive message even though the story itself is very grim. A must-read.
1 4.5 Stars \n \"My name is Scarlet Stone and my biggest fear is that someday I will find what I want most in life and it will be impossible to steal.\" \n Leave it to Jewel E. Ann to write THE most creative, refreshing and inventive storylines ever! Nothing you have ever read will prepare you for Scarlet Stone. A beautiful and sexy and surprising book, Scarlet and Theo will draw you in and steal your heart. Their story is gorgeous and their chemistry was real and very, very hot. \n \"What if we started counting time in breaths instead of seconds? What if I could hold my breath and stop time?\" \n All of the characters in this book are unforgettable. I don't know how Jewel E. Ann dreams up these larger-than-life personalities but I hope she never stops. Just when I thought I knew the direction this story was going in, it completely changed course! You can read the synopsis for this story but it is best read not knowing more so I will try to keep this review spoiler-free. 'Scarlet Stone' is funny, sexy, heartbreaking, emotional and very, very different. This author never disappoints. Scarlet is one of the most memorable heroines I have ever read! \n \"My name is Scarlet Stone, and I'm drawn to anything out of the ordinary, the crazy, the eccentric. I've been this way all my life.\" \n If you are looking for an out-of-the-ordinary romance with tons of heat and heart, do not miss 'Scarlet Stone'! It is wildly inventive and perfectly readable. Another fantastic read from one of my favorite authors! \n \"Then us,...\" \n ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.
1 \"Come back to me, Georgia.\" \n The first book in the new Brooklyn Bruisers series was a total delight! ROOKIE MOVER has everything I love about Sarina Bowen's books: great writing, smart women, fine and sexxxy hockey players, and sweet, sweet first love. \n Georgia and Leo have been apart for years after having been in love when they were in high school. Now Leo is the new trade for the Brooklyn Bruisers hockey team, where his former girlfriend is also working. Leo has never gotten over Georgia, and even though she was the one who broke up with Leo, she has never gotten over him, either. She has followed his career and now is face to face again with her one true love. \n Ah, Leo. Georgia's happiness was all he ever cared about. His past with Georgia might keep him from reaching his full potential with the team, but he will never betray her secrets. He is a sexy, sweet, talented hockey player who brings just the right amount of steam and sweetness to this book. It's obvious these two still care for each other and their chemistry still burns bright after all these years have passed. \n \"So fucking good,\" ... \n \"Now give me that mouth.\" \n Sarina Bowen writes some of THE best sports romances around. There are great supporting characters in this book, and I'm thrilled that the next book will be O'Doul's story. ROOKIE MOVE is a fantastic start to the new Brooklyn Bruisers series! Highly recommended for all fans of sweet, steamy second-chance romances. \n \"You and I don't have one-night stands. We have forever night stands.\" \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 3.5 Stars \n I LOVED the premise of this book: a female motorcycle racer named Kenzie who races professionally. Her father was a legendary racer, and Kenzie is trying to carry on the family name. The racing scenes are fascinating and the story is very fast-paced. The author gives us an intimate, behind-the-scenes look into the highly competitive world of motorcycle racing. \n Racing is literally in Kenzie's blood. She is under tremendous pressure to succeed and her father is not her biggest fan. Hayden races for a competitor and he is strictly off-limits to Kenzie. She is downright mean to him at first, and they have a love-hate thing going on that was very intense. Kenzie has a lot of preconceived notions about Hayden which, of course, turn out to be completely wrong. Hayden is sex--on-wheels and he and Kenzie begin a Romeo-and-Juliet romance that must be kept hidden from everyone. \n Hayden is also an incredibly talented racer and Kenzie realizes she can learn a lot from him. They both actually race better when they are competing against each other. I absolutely love that the author created a female racer who is smart, strong and competitive in a traditionally male sport. Hayden is a DREAM and their scenes together are beautiful, sexxxxy and very believable. Overall, I really liked this book; it is a nice beach or poolside read and although some readers are not happy with the ending, I loved it!! There will definitely be more books to come in this series, and the next one sounds like it will be verrrry interesting!! \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 \"Cheers,\" she says, raising her tumbler. \"To remembering.\" \n Frank clinks his glass against hers and he smiles. \"And to you,\" he says. \"For being so generous.\" \n \"Oh,\" she says. \"I don't know about generous. Stupid more like.\" \n \"Maybe both,\" he says. \n \"Yeah. I'll go with that. Story of my life. Generous and stupid.\" \n OMG!!! I did not want this book to end!! What a page-turner. Moody, evocative and thrilling, Lisa Jewell's writing surprised and enthralled me from beginning to end. \n This book begins with Alice, a frazzled single mother living in a tiny seaside town in England, finding a man, lost and alone and with no memory of how he came to be sitting on the beach in the driving rain. \n Alice is funny, warm, witty and has not made the best choices in her life. In fact, her love life stinks so she is very wary of men in general. But something calls to her about this lost and confused man, and she brings him back to her cottage to recuperate in her guest house. \n \"How long have you been sitting out here?\" \n \"I got here yesterday.\" \n \"Where did you come from?\" \n \"I have no idea.\" \n This brilliant story is told from multiple POV's spanning several decades. At the same time that Alice finds \"Frank\" (her nickname for the seemingly lovely man struggling with his memory loss), a young bride in London named Lily realizes her new husband has suddenly vanished. She is new to England and does not know anyone at all. The mystery of her missing newlywed husband is one of the driving forces of this gem of a book. \n There are tons of twists and surprises in store for the reader. We do not know how the characters in this story are connected... or even if they are connected at all. \n Flashing back decades before, young Gray and Kirsty are on holiday with their parents. Their fascinating story involves a local man who becomes interested in Kirsty. Their stories rocket towards a stunning conclusion with Alice, Frank and Lily. To say that I could not put this book down is an understatement! From the bustling London setting to the small seaside resort town, 'I Found You' sets the bar for romantic suspense books this year. \n Long after finishing this book, I still can't stop thinking about the characters. Lisa Jewell is a new favorite author of mine. This was my first book by her and now I cannot wait to get to her other titles. Alice was completely relatable, even when she didn't make the wisest of choices. \n I can't recommend this book highly enough! I loved every word. \n ARC provided via NetGalley.
-1 3.5 Stars \n 'The Protector' is a perfectly enjoyable, sexy, fast-paced story. \n While it perhaps did not live up to JEM's superb story-telling potential, it was nonetheless am interesting and super-sexy story. I loved how the author presented another side to the heroine Camille: to the world, she is a rich, spoiled socialite. But she is actually smart and very ambitious and determined to build her own business from the ground up. She made lots of mistakes in the past, and some of those mistakes might be coming back to haunt her now. \n Jake is PURE Alpha, a former SAS sniper who suffers from PTSD. Camille does not want his protection, AT ALL, but her father hires Jake to make sure that Camille is safe. Jake is also haunted by his own personal demons, but sees his job with Camille as a chance at redemption. \n JEM remains one of my auto-buy authors. Her 'This Man' series is without question among my top favorite books of all time! And I absolutely fell in love with Miller in the 'One Night' series, another series that I HIGHLY recommend. Both Jesse and Miller are uber-Alphas beyond compare. \n So I thought 'The Protector' had lots of sizzling sex scenes and very fast-paced action along with a mystery story as well. While this is not my favorite JEM story, definitely give the one a try if you love this kind of contemporary romance! \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 3.5 - 4 Stars \n Written in an unusually quirky style, Professed is a student/teacher romance about Ben, a college professor and 20-year-old Naomi. I will admit that it took me some time to get into this story, but once I did, I was engrossed in this very hot and at times very funny taboo romance. \n First, heed the warnings about this book and be aware that this story is VERY explicit! Ben and Naomi meet at a secret masked ball and immediately begin a passionate affair. Dr. Ben Beck is a philosophy professor who has written a book and has been invited to join the faculty at Yale. He has always questioned the existence of love and now ironically, now finds himself head over heels in love with the smart and beautiful Naomi. \n Once they become aware that Naomi is Ben's student, they are acutely aware of the risks they are taking. Naomi could lose her place at Yale andBen could lose his position on the faculty, at the very least. But this is actually a very fast-paced book and the author's brisk writing style and sense of humor make this a very readable story. \n \"Forbidden fruit is always the sweetest.\" \n There are lots of things I loved about this book and some, not so much. I loved reading about Naomi's background and her family: she was raised by her father, a lobsterman in a New England town and she struggles to pay her way through college and to fit in at Yale. I would have loved to read more about Ben's background! The book is told in alternating POV's and the humor and brisk writing style lightens up the very explicit scenes. \n Naomi's character was unusually mature for her age. Although I did not have an issue with the age gap, I was not totally convinced what a 38-year-old would find so alluring and compelling about a college junior. I would have also loved to have known more about the \"secret society\" masked ball where Naomi and Ben first met. \n I loved Naomi's best friend Lucy and I know her story will be hilarious! This is certainly not your average student-teacher forbidden romance and for that, I applaud the author. Overall, Professed is a very sexy, very enjoyable and promising debut story. \n ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.
-1 I adore Alexa Riley, I really do! Their short stories are my not-so-secret addiction. I think I've bought every one of them! 'Mechanic' is one of my favorites. So I was very excited to read their first full-length book. Unfortunately this story just didn't do it for me. The overly-possessive, controlling and bossy hero didn't even bother me at all; in fact he's a part of this writing duo's charm! Oz knew what he wanted and he went after her. What bothered me was that the heroine was a Yale grad but she sure didn't act like one. In addition, I had several issues with the plot which sadly interfered with my enjoyment of the story. And when did Nordstrom come to Manhattan? (Answer: it didn't. Nordstrom Rack doesn't count.) I'll continue to buy and read Alexa Riley's books, but this one was a miss for me.
1 \"I love you all the way.\" \n This is an EPIC story that was simply unputdownable, filled with characters that I will never, ever forget. The writing is outstanding! Nothing I can say in a review will do any justice to this gem but I will try. \n Certainly not a story for everyone, the book is at its heart a love story and what can happen when two human beings really, truly, deeply love each other and care for each other. Wavy and Kellen meet when she is just a young girl, but she is wise beyond her years, having suffered horrible emotional and physical abuse. Wavy has the misfortune to be the daughter of a meth dealer and a mentally-unstable mother. She learns young how to take care of herself and fly under the radar. \n There are lots of adults who drift in and out of her life and it is heartbreaking to see how misguided almost all of them are. From a well-meaning aunt to teachers who should know better, everyone basically fails Wavy and her little brother. Except for Kellen. \n \"He smelled good. Sweat and motorcycle and wintergreen. No stinking weed smoke. No perfume. No sadness. He smelled like love\" \n He is the one constant in her grim life, the one person she can always count on, no matter what. He provides her with shelter, clothing, all the basic needs that a parent should, plus love. I never viewed their relationship as odd, mostly because of the insightful points of view of the main characters. But for sure some readers will be uncomfortable with their age difference. \n The author's use of different narrators is brilliant. Especially sympathetic is Wavy's cousin, who is in awe of Wavy's wild ways. Wavy lives on and off with her aunt and cousins, but they really never know the depth and depravity of Wavy's unstable home life. \n \"Wavy in her black leather boots didn't fit in the catalog. She tore open the catalog and made surprising things happen. Like Ken in a dress.\" \n This book is the best book I've read all year. I could not put it down. My favorite parts of the book are when the author Bryn Greenwood describes how painful it is for Wavy to speak. Words are almost real, tangible things for Wavy, that can be felt and tasted. Brilliant. \n This story spans many years and is filled with some of the most unforgettable characters that I have ever read. I absolutely loved how whip-smart Wavy was, and how she silently observed and took in everything around her. She is obsessed with the constellations and her sweet spot is gazing at the stars at night with her beloved Kellen. \n \"I liked learning things. How numbers worked together to explain the stars. How molecules made the world. All the ugly and wonderful things people had done in the last two thousand years.\" \n Wavy never lost hope and pushed forward though life no matter how dire her circumstances were. My heart also broke for Kellen, a giant of a man who always treated Wavy with love and tenderness. They had a bond that was unbreakable. I can't think of anything more to say about this stunning book other than to please read it! It will change your life. \n \"I wanted a fairy tale ending for Wavy, because if she could find happiness, there would be hope for me, too.\"
1 \"It's never too late to change the road that you're on.\" \n The synopsis for this book really grabbed my attention. Jessica is a doctor at a women's prison and finds old letters written by an inmate that were never delivered. She makes it her mission to find the man the letters were written to, and her search leads her to a small beachside town. The residents are a tight-knit group but Jessica, who had been restless in her professional and personal life, finally feels like she is \"home\". \n This is small-town romance at its best. I LOVED this very sexy, tender, warm-hearted and mature love story!! My favorite kind. The One Real Thing has fabulous writing and interesting, real and loyal secondary characters. \n Cooper and Jessica share a deep connection and if you like off-beat characters with some good old-fashioned romance, then you will love this book. I am looking forward to more books in this series about the rest of the inhabitants of Hart's Boardwalk. \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 3.5 - 4 Stars \n A totally addictive but very, very sad story. I felt like I was witnessing a train wreck! The writing was for the most part very gripping, but this book is NOT for everyone. Tori is a romance author who feels very restless and unfulfilled in her personal life. Her husband Landon is a rising star in the restaurant world and she has two young children. She seeks fulfillment outside her marriage and finds one in an online relationship that eventually turns into a full-blown affair. Many tears are shed and much angst ensues. \n The writing style threw me off a bit and interfered with my enjoyment of the story, but overall, I will say that I couldn't put this book down. So for that, kudos to E.K. Blair!
1 4.5 STARS!! \n Hellllooooo Coach Winter!! What a sexxxxy and intense sports romance!! I loved it!! Fascinating characters, a timely storyline and SUPER-hot steamy scenes make this book a winner!! R.S. Grey shows that she can write a great adult romance with this story. With the 2016 Summer Olympics right around the corner, this book about Olympic athletes hits all the right notes. Plus, it offers an intimate look into the often-isolated life of an elite gymnast. \n \"I didn't have a lot of friends growing up. In gymnastics, if you're good, you're lonely.\" \n Brie Watson is the Cinderella story of the international gymnastic world. She and her mother have sacrificed EVERYTHING to get her to the Summer Games. And her coach Erik Winter knows all too well the pressures she is under, having suddenly dropped out of competitive athletics when he was at the top of his game. They are kindred souls, even though they fight constantly and even in the face of Erik's apparent iciness towards her. \n \"She was fierce; she wanted to be seen, and not just for her gymnastics skills. No, she wanted to be desired. Coveted. Craved. Had anyone ever touched her the way she wanted to be touched?\" \n This might be THE sexiest book yet from Ms. Grey. The passion between the hero and heroine literally lept off the pages!! I absolutely love the enemies-to-friends trope and it is done to perfection here. \n \"Toying with Brie was quickly becoming my favorite pastime and a part of me wondered why I was doing it. Yes, she was disrespectful and constantly talked back during practice, but she was hardly the first strong-headed girl in my gym to be guilty of that. No, I was enjoying her punishment a little too much.\" \n OUT OF BOUNDS has the perfect blend of intense sports scenes, sexy, adult romance and emotion. There's no unnecessary drama here, just a perfectly readable, hot romance with a fantastic cast of characters. Even if you're not a fan of sports romance, give this one a try. You will fall in LOVE with Brie Watson and Erik Winter! \n Favorite quote: \n \"She wanted to be someone's voice when they were beaten down, lost, forgotten--but now it was my turn to stand up for her. She deserved a better life and I wouldn't let myself rest until I gave it to her.\" \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 Stars!! \n \"Don't focus on the what ifs. Focus on what is.\" \n Vi Keeland continues to shine in this very enjoyable and well-written office romance. I have loved Ms. Keeland's writing ever since I read her MMA Fighter series (Worth the Fight is a fantastic book and very underrated in my opinion). I am thrilled to see her show off her wonderful writing style with Bossman, a story that combines elements of humor, wit and the perfect amount of drama. Reese is the kind of heroine I love: smart, driven, a little sarcastic and very funny. She and Chase meet when she is stuck on a very bad date and he comes to her rescue. The whole situation is handled so perfectly! Chase is totally sexy and funny and charming, and surprise! It turns out that he is the founder of the company where she is starting a brand-new job. The company has a no-fraternization policy plus Reese has been burned by in the past when she slept with a co-worker. She has no intention of dating Chase, but he sure has fun pursuing her. \n Chase leaned over to me as we continued walking down the hall and whispered, \"Stop worrying. Harassment policy only applies to employees, not the owner. Checked this morning.\" \n I absolutely loved the slow-burn romance between Chase and Reese! Even though they do not fall into bed immediately, there is plenty of steam and genuine emotion when they do get together. She is scared of getting into a relationship with Chase because he is her boss's boss but Chase really cares for her and is impossible to resist. But just when you think everything will be perfect for these two, his past overcomes him and it seems as though he will never recover from the terrible trauma of an earlier relationship. \n \"Sometimes you don't know what you're missing until you find it\" \n I have to connect with the main characters to care at all about a story and I really connected with Reese and Chase. The book combined funny dialogue with some heavy emotion and it all just worked! I hope Vi Keeland writes more of these kinds of stories because they really show off her talent. I absolutely fell in love with Chase!! He's the total package and Reese's feelings for him just felt right. \n \"I'm tired of looking back. It's been a long time since I've wanted to live in the moment.\" \n If you are new to Vi Keeland, give Bossman a try! It's got the perfect combination of great chemistry, emotion, a sexy and damaged hero and witty banter. I read this book in almost one sitting and loved the conclusion to Reese and Chase's story. Bossman is another great story from Vi Keeland, surprisingly angsty with the perfect amount of steam!! \n ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.
1 3.5 Stars \n If you like lots of high school drama, then this book is for you! Broken Prince reminded me of Gossip Girl in many ways. However, the over-the-top cruelty of Reed and Ella's fellow students here turned me off. The main characters have lots of promise, and I really loved Reed and Ella. Many readers love this series, so I am in the minority on this one and definitely pick this one up if you are in the mood for a guilty-pleasure read! \n \"He told me to stay away. He told me I didn't belong. If only I'd listened to him.\" \n The first book ended on a major cliffhanger and in this second installment, former mean-boy Reed is desperate to find Ella. She has brought happiness and goodness to his royally-screwed up family and he will do anything to bring her home and win back her love. BUT there are SO many obstacles standing in their way! \n \"I can play this two ways. I can walk away. Or I can fight for you. Guess which one I'm doing?\" \n This is very quick read and a very fast-paced story. The writing duo that makes up Erin Watt are incredibly talented, and I love their other books. If you know going in to Broken Prince that this is basically a teen soap-opera, then you will LOVE this juicy bit of fluff. But be warned: there is another cliffhanger! \n I did love reading Reed's POV in this book. I felt his pain and the pressure he was under to try and protect the innocent Ella at all costs. I also loved the VERRRRY sexy Royal brothers!! There was just way too much unnecessary over-the-top drama for me. But if you are looking for a summer pool or beach read, then pick up Broken Prince and enjoy the crazy ride! \n (ARC provided by the authors in return for an honest review.)", "date_added": "Sat Jul 09 23:40:38 -0700 2016
1 4- 4.5 Stars! \n L.H. Cosway has such a beautiful way with words that is almost impossible NOT to fall in love with her characters! This series is highly rated but I haven't read the other books. This one is a complete standalone. Stu Cross stole my heart! \n L.H. Cosway has such a beautiful way with words that is almost impossible NOT to fall in love with her characters! This series is highly rated but I haven't read the other books. This one is a complete standalone. Stu Cross stole my heart! \n This is a slow build romance and I absolutely loved the incredibly witty and sexy banter between the characters. Conway's writing is always a winner for me. This book has tons of heart, heat and sexy times! The chemistry between the characters was real and the contrast between Stu's toughness and Andie's sweetness was perfect. I read this book in one sitting and 'Thief of Hearts' is one more reason why L.H. Cosway is an auto-buy author for me. Her writing flows perfectly and the characters are always memorable. The story was fast-paced and very inventive. You will love this book!! \n \"Just be my soft place to fall. I need you.\" \n (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
-1 DNF. Gave up at around 20%. Way too many grammatical and editing issues for me to continue. I also couldn't get past the simplistic and degrading nickname that Vicious had for the heroine (he called her Help) That was offensive to me. Moving on.
1 4 - 4.5 STARS! \n Thrilling, sexy, second-chance contemporary sports romance with a twist. Somehow it all works in this perfect summer read! \n And they would fight to their end for me. This team was my family, my soul. And I think that was what made everything that happened so damn complicated. \n Tyler has grown up traveling with a baseball team her whole life. Baseball IS her life. She has been home-schooled, innocent, yet stunning and complete unaware of her effect on men. Then baseball's bad boy Chase Stern enters her life. A larger-than-life character, Alessandra Torre could have made him a cliche, but he is deeply sensitive, devoted to the game, and ready to give up his fast-living ways for Ty. \n Chase Stern. The best bat to hit our game since Barry Bonds. A shortstop who made Ripken look like a rookie. A body built for baseball, a face that made GQ editors swoon, and enough swagger to fill Dodger stands with females. \n Of course, Ty is forbidden to go near him, she is only 17 at the time and he plays for the team her father works for. But they fall deeply in love with each other, through stolen nights on the baseball field and living life on the road. She knows that he is completely off-limits, but these two share a deep bond that goes beyond the game of baseball. \n But it wasn't his looks that had sucked me in. It was his play. His effortless grip of a game that we all struggled with. His swing, his throw, the dip of his body when he scooped up a ball, the stretch of his six-foot body when he leapt in the air ... it was my porn. \n But then...the emotional one-two punch from the author hits and these two are suddenly, irrevocably separated . My heart broke for them!! Flash-forward several years and these two, now adults with their own lives, meet again. I absolutely LOVE second-chance romances, and MOONSHOT has everything I love about this trope. \n First loves were supposed to be flimsy and temperamental. They were supposed to burn bright and fade fast. They weren't supposed to stick. They weren't supposed to eat away at a man's heart, his capacity for life. \n Interwoven with this forbidden love story is a thriller aspect which slowly builds toward a terrifying conclusion. Ms. Torre is one of the few authors I know who can perfectly pull off such a clever post twist!! I was totally blindsided by this turn of events and it blended in perfectly with the story. It must be said that the author knows a LOT about the game of baseball and I loved reading about this part of the story, she has fabulous insight in to the game and I almost felt like I was in the stands ready for the players to take the field. MOONSHOT has everything I love about contemporary romance: deeply-felt characters; the sweetness of first love; very adult, steamy love scenes; and the bittersweet pain of second-chance romance. Please keep in mind that there is cheating in this book: this aspect of a story NEVER bothers me or affects my enjoyment of a novel but it is here in MOONSHOT plain and simple. Does it resolve itself? Absolutely. \n Alessandra Torre is an automatic one-click for me andI loved this story!! Happy reading! \n Favorite quote: \n Certain loves can't be fought. The harder you tried, the harder you would be knocked back, over and over again, until it beat you into submission, until your heart caved and body surrendered. Love like that didn't know the rules of society; it didn't care about life mistakes. It only knew what must be, and what would happen--no matter what. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 Smoking hot conclusion to The Player!! Loved it. Filled with warmth, heat and plenty of angst. K. Bromberg is my go-to author for mature, emotional romances about real people dealing with real issues and facing them head-on. And 'The Catch' delivered on all counts. \n I loved the in-depth look into the sport of baseball (but you do NOT need to be a fan of sports romances to love this story!) and the glimpse into the emotional highs and lows experienced by star athletes AND by their families and loved ones! The end of 'The Player' was a whopper of a cliffhanger (I won't spoil it here!) and then BOOM! 'The Catch' does a 180 degree turn! \n I appreciated Easton's POV here and as always, Ms. Bromberg created a male character with many dimensions. Easton is flawed, but he really puts himself out there and his HONESTY is what I loved most about him. Easton and Scout both grew as characters and their love, devotion to family and feelings for each other were absolutely spot-on.
1 3.5 Stars \n The highly-anticipated third book in The Royals Series picks up right where the second book ended so the other books MUST be read in order! While overall I liked the teen-angst feel of this series, the third book felt a bit rushed at times and I felt that Ella and Reed lost some of the heat and passion that fueled the first two books. With that said, this writing duo is very talented and the wild storyline certainly held my interest. \n In 'Twisted Palace', Ella is firmly in place as a member of the Royals household. Gone is the taunting and name-calling from the first book. Ella and Reed are now completely in love! \n \"Sometimes I still can't believe that we all hated each other when I first got here. Reed was determined to destroy me. His brothers alternately taunted or ignored me. I fantasized about running away on a daily basis. And now I can't imagine not having the Royals in my life.\" \n Reed has been arrested for the murder of Brooke and the evidence seems pretty strong against him. There are tons of questions in this book. Everyone at school is talking about Reed and giving damaging testimony against him. His past seems to catch up to him and his future looks very grim. Add to that is the fact that Steve is now back! There is TONS of drama plus wild plot twists in this book which makes 'Twisted Palace' feel much more suspenseful than the first two books. I liked the forbidden-love aspect of the earlier books but this book adds almost a mystery element to the series. \n Reed is loyal to his core. He'd die for his family. \n Hell, he might've even killed for it. \n This series is great for readers who love over-the-top drama and first-love stories. I really liked the supporting characters and I hope some of them will get their own story! I also would LOVE a story about Callum Royal. While the brothers don't get as much focus here as in the earlier books, fans of this series will be happy to get more of Reed and Ella. Overall not my favorite in this series but still a fun, light, read that is a total guilty pleasure. \n (Reviewed from an ARC)
1 \"It's about what's on the inside. Just like people. Don't you think? It's what's on the inside that really counts.\" \n A Gift of Time is a gift to the readers of the Nine Minutes series. The story flows beautifully through many different time frames, and back and forth between many different points of view. But it all works perfectly and the author has a BIG surprise waiting for fans of this series! \n I feel that A Gift of Time is, more than any other character's, Ginny's story. If you have read the first two books in the series (and you MUST before reading A Gift of Time), you know that Ginny has been through a lifetime of experiences and has had two great loves in her life. I have always loved both Grizz and Tommy, and I absolutely LOVED how the author resolves the famous Team Grizz/Team Grunt conflict here. This book is told in flashback so all the main characters make an appearance here, all leading toward a fascinating and satisfying conclusion. \n \"There were just some secrets we had to keep hidden in our hearts to shield those we love.\" \n It is impossible to describe the plot of A Gift of Time without giving anything away. This series is a creative, thrilling, imaginative, beautiful and ultimately uplifting story that I won't soon forget. Grrizz, Grunt and Kit will live on forever! Bravo, Ms. Flynn, for a fantastic conclusion to a terrific series. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 \"The dust has settled over the blood we've shed.\" \n Non-stop action, plus tons of graphic violence, a feisty heroine and an ex-con with a soul!! BLOOD TO DUST features a kick-ass heroine, a damaged hero and a story that will have you saying, \"Did I just read that??\" I became a huge fan of LJ Shen's after reading SPARROW and could not wait to get my hands on Prescott and Beat's story. She is hell-bent on revenge on a group of men who are dangerous, corrupt members of a crime family. They have ruined her family, and committed terrible crimes against her. The only problem is that she is being held against her will by them. She is outnumbered and defenseless. And of her captors is Beat. \n Beat served time in prison with one of the men holding Prescott captive. He owes the a favor to one of the men, the sadistic and all-powerful Godfrey, and Beat (whose real name is Nate) just wants to fulfill his debt as soon as possible. Nate has committed murder in the past but he won't let any physical harm come to Prescott. As the captor and the captive spend more time together, Prescott and Nate begin to bond. Although he doesn't trust her at first (and rightfully so!), these two are kindred spirits who devise a plan to to repay their debts, seek vengeance and maybe, just maybe, find their own brand of happiness. \n \"We're polar opposites. He's peace looking for color and I'm strorm looking for serenity.\" \n I love dark reads and I really liked this book (the author has a GREAT sense of humor) but felt the story spun out of control in some places. With that being said, Nate Vela is an unforgettable anti-hero!! Sensitive, strong, protective and damaged, I won't soon forget him. And Prescott is one of the strongest, most bad-ass heroines I have ever read. If you love a dark and gritty read, then you will love BLOOD TO DUST. I adore this author and can't wait to see what twisted story she comes up with next! \n \"Tell me something beautiful,\" his lips speak into mine. \n \"Us,\" I rasp. \"We're beautiful and ugly and broken...and whole.\" \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
-1 This started off with a bang, absolutely hilarious! This series should probably be read in order and I will defintiely read the first book to see what all the fuss is about. Tapping Her is a super-quick, very dirty and very funny bit of romantic comedy, with some laugh-out-loud moments and a great male POV. There is nothing emotional or angsty about this book and it's just a little something to pick up in between heavier reads. Not too much of a plot here, so don't expect War and Peace.
1 \"It's always been you, and no one else.\" \n WOW!! What a passionate, emotional and sexy story! Love, betrayal, loyalty, forgiveness...this book has it all!! I couldn't put this one down!! I absolutely love enemies-to-lovers books, especially where there is an element of revenge. Plus, I adore Mia Sheridan's writing so I could not wait to read this book. And I will admit I do sometimes judge a book by its cover, and this cover is STUNNING. So there's that. \n I immediately connected with these beautifully flawed and damaged characters. Their pain, suffering, humiliation and pride broke my heart and Mia Sheridan put it back together again. While Lydia could have been a cookie-cutter, snobby heroine, she instead came across as loyal, loving and willing to admit to her past mistakes. And they were HUGE. A stupid and cruel act when she was a teenager led to a domino effect of tragic consequences for Brogan Ramsay and his family. And now he is back in Lydia's life, hell-bent on getting revenge for the pain she caused him all those years before. \n \"Learn from you mistakes, but don't let them define you now. Find forgiveness, for them and for yourself.\" \n Watching Lydia and Brogan slowly make their way back into each other's lives was painful, raw and breathtaking. So much drama and heartache separated these two that I lost thought they would never find their way back. There is an element of romantic suspense here which Mia Sheridan got just right. And the cast of supporting characters are all fabulous. (Fionn!! HELLO!!) Are there some pieces that don't quite fit together? Yes, but they are non-essential to the story and the characters are so strong that they swept me away. I was lost in this book and savored every minute of it. \n Brogan Ramsay had come from Ireland with his family and I loved how the author incorporated Gaelic throughout the book. What a beautiful and descriptive language! Ms. Sheridan's books always leave a lasting impression and Ramsay is no different. I am still thinking about the characters well after I finished this book. I fell in love with Ramsay Brogan and although he has't quite replaced Archer as my favorite Mia Sheridan hero, he comes close! Don't miss Ramsay, you will fall i love with these characters, too. \n \"There is such as thin veil between love and hate. I had chosen love.\"
1 Villains were created, not born. That was something I'd come to know as a fact. \n Fans of the Rosemary Beach series will love this book. I have read most of the books in this series and have loved some more than others, and in Up In Flames, Abbi Glines throws in lots of surprises! This book is VERY different from the other books in the series!! I was so excited for Nan's book and to see how in the world the author was going to redeem this very unloveable, vengeful character. And she did it!! \n Nan has been the villain in this series, cold, spiteful and generally a bad person. The only person who ever seemed to care for her was her brother Rush. I devoured this book in one sitting daily because of Gannon. OMG is he hot!! There are two men vying for Nan's heart in this book and I was so glad I didn't read any spoilers. The author surprised me here with some very wild and explicit sex scenes. I also loved how Nan seemed to finally make peace with her family, especially with those she has been so cruel to in the past. And yes, Nanette does get her happy ending!!! This is a sexy, fast-paced read, perfect for a summer beach read. Lots of surprises in this one. Thanks, Abbi, for finally making Nan into a character I could actually care about! \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 - 5 Riveting Stars! \n \"Do you hate your husband?\" \n \"I never hated him.\" \n \"You're about to.\" \n Nuanced, layered and intriguing, I loved everything about this book!! A must-read. \n Adam Steinbeck has just been dealt a blow. His beloved wife Diana is leaving him. Partners in business and in life, he is in total shock. His emotions are raw, exposed and real. He doesn't know what to do or how to make things right again. He cannot live without Diana. \n \"The first time I saw her, I had to hold my breath. The first time she spoke, I exhaled.\" \n But Adam has been living a lie with his wife. He never revealed to her who he really was. A Dominant. He gave it all up for her, and now he realizes that she must have sensed he was holding something back from her, never fully giving himself to her. \n Perfect Diana...What would I do to posses her? Would I change my cellular structure? Turn my back on my identity? Walk away from it, never talk about it, burn it so thoroughly into a pile of dust that not telling her wouldn't be a lie? \n This raw and powerful book alternates between past and present so we really get a sense of the shared history between Adam and Diana. This story rockets towards a breathtaking conclusion as only CD Reiss can do. Her writing is crisp, clear, intelligent and very, very sensual. The depth of Adam's love for his wife is almost palpable and he will not let her walk away without a fight. And so she agrees to his detailed plan to spend 30 days alone together, away from their business in New York City. Adam is going to show Diana who he really is. The stakes are high but Adam plays to win. \n \"I can only breathe if I know she's there. I gave her my f*king soul and she threw it away. Months ago, maybe years ago. She made a decision to throw me away. She's prepared for this divorce, and I'm swinging in the wind. Raw. With nothing. No defenses. Now what am I supposed to do?\" \n I could not breathe while I was reading this book!! It is incredibly sexy, thought-provoking and emotional. I loved every word. The ending was nothing short of shocking and I'm counting the days until the second book!! \n \"She's my life, do you understand?\" \n ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.
1 \"You kidnapping me?\" \n \"Only a little.\" \n I have heard amazing things about the first two books in this series so I couldn't wait to read I Everything I Left Unsaid. I did NOT feel lost reading this book even though I had not read the first two books. Max and June/Olivia are two incredible characters , and the writing is crisp, clean, intense and INCREDIBLY sexy. \n June has a sister who is being held against her will by a cult. She dreams up a wild plan to rescue her which does not go according to plan and she ends up wounding and kidnapping Max, a dangerous MC President. Olivia is crazy about Max but he is a very dangerous man and can't be trusted. She brings him to her estranged aunt's house to recuperate from his wounds. The scenes in Florida at Aunt Fern's condo are priceless. And the slow burn starts to build between Olivia and Max, both damaged people who have led pretty sad and lonely lives. \n \"Mutual assured destruction. You and I have sex, get involved in that way...both us burn. Both of us. We'll tear each other apart until there's nothing left to walk away from.\" \n Olivia is a loner and doesn't dare dream of ever being happy. She makes sure to sabotage anything good that comes into her life. The story itself is gritty, somewhat dark and definitely NOT your typical contemporary romance. There is no insta-love, and it takes quite a while for those two to get together. This book is VERY steamy and includes a sexy F/F scene that is incredibly hot. But the action, the scenes between Max and Olivia and the swoony scenes that eventually happened between Max and Olivia were all absolutely perfect. There is a wonderful Epilogue and I loved the conclusion that Ms. O'Keefe gave to these very troubled characters. \n \"Save your act for other people. The lies and the show - I don't want it. I want you. Fucked up and crazy. I want you.\" \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 STARS! \n \"He changed the story.\" \n Hellloooo, Damien!! I LOVED this very funny, passionate and emotional story from the fabulous Penelope Ward!!! Having read STEPBROTHER DEAREST, I could not WAIT to dive into this story. BUT even though that is one of my favorite books, and I highly recommend it, you do NOT have to read it first. \n Chelsea has been left completely brokenhearted by her ex, Elec. She thought he was the \"one\". He declared his devotion to her and she thought they would grow old together. But it was just not meant to be. Chelsea moves into a new apartment in a new neighborhood to escape the memories of her old life. At first it seems as though her HOT new neighbor Damien can't stand her, but then they begin to build a fantastic friendship that turns oh-so-slowly into a gorgeous romance. \n Damien is a brilliant artist who also happens to own the building where Chelsea lives. He has two Rottweilers who play a big part of this story and who are one of the reasons why Damien and Chelsea meet and get off to a rocky start to begin with. There's lots more to Damien then meets the eye, and learning about him is part of the wonderful experience of reading this book. \n Chelsea is extremely insecure after being suddenly dumped by Elec, and Damien's compliments and the way he sees her really help to boost her confidence. She is wildly attracted to Damien but he makes it clear she is in the friend-zone. But why can't they be more than just friends?? Has his heart been broken, too? What secret is he hiding?? \n \"I looked closer at what I'd messaged him and realized it hadn't come through the way I'd intended. the auto correct had actually changed the message to: Wanna duck? Great. That was smooth.\" \n Damien is the whole package: smart, hot, loving, sweet, attentive...but why is he constantly pushing Chelsea away? \n \"You're in my heart and I can't get you out. I don't know if I want to. Being with you is the only thing that feels right.\" \n NEIGHBOR DEAREST is a VERY sexy, character-driven book that is totally readable and perfectly swoony. Ms. Ward has created another unforgettable book boyfriend with Damien. The supporting characters are all fantastic. And I absolutely LOVED the message of this book: things happen for a reason and just because someone leaves you, it doesn't mean that you can't find happiness again. *SIGH* \n \"You know why it didn't work out with him?\" \n \"Why?\" \n \"Because God made you for me.\" \n ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.
1 \"All she sees is what's right in front of her. Guys are drawn to her, because of her spirit and smiles. She's a happy person, and she makes people feel good when they're around her. I'm not like that. I'm just kind of there. Like empty space.\" \n If Penelope Douglas writes a book, I will read it! And this series is one of my favorites, so I could not wait to get back into these characters' lives! And what a treat! Once again, Ms. Douglas surprises and puts a fresh spin on her beloved characters. This book introduces us to Quinn, but also sets up the next generation of characters and it was just a pleasure to read. \n The author uses a story within a story here which added a layer of nuance and depth to what I thought would be a classic New Adult romance. Ms. Douglas gives us the backstory of Katherine Trent and Jason Caruthers and it broke my heart! Yes, you will absolutely need to read the other books in the series first but Bully and the later books are among my most cherished stories. From adult contemporary romance to new adult stories, Ms. Douglas can do it all. \n \"Why did you marry her?\" she asked me in return. \n I turned my eyes back out to the road as I would my way through her neighborhood. \n Because I didn't see you first. \n My heart!! The author does a wonderful job of telling two parallel stories here. The book felt a little sad to me at times because of the theme of lost time but the author gives her characters the perfect conclusion here. Don't miss Next to Never! It is a clever love letter to the fans of the Fall Away Series. \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 \"Open your shirt for me, little one. Let's see if I like what I'm getting for my trouble.\" \n She's baaaaack!! Penelope Douglas has written another dark and delicious and riveting story in the Devil's Night series. I could not WAIT for Kai's story and it was everything I hoped for! Secrets are revealed, inner desires unleashed with a heart-pounding romance at the heart of to all. \n Kai's story was incredible. Ms. Douglas is one of the most talented romance writers around and I just knew that she would create another romantic suspense story like no other. 'Hideaway' is just as dark os 'Corrupt' and will satisfy your every craving. Kai is an alpha like no other - dark, dangerous and SMART. \n \"We're only ever good, because there are consequences,\" I told her. \"Take those away, and everyone shows their true self. Kind of like taking off a mask.\" \n This book alternates back and forth between the present and Devil's Night six years before. Kai has finally met his match in Banks, a mysterious figure who may or may not have some connection to him. The chemistry between them is perfect, as I would expect with a Penelope Douglas book, but not instant. They have an intense and sexy connection but to say more would ruin the experience of reading this story. I am glad I did not know too much about the plot. It was INSANE!! \n \"Happy to hear it, because I'm the only man whose attention you should be trying to get, and baby, you got it years ago while wearing another man's clothes.\" He kissed my temple, his hot breath sending chills down my spine. \"So you can imagine how fucking beautiful you are to me right now wearing mine.\" \n There are tons of twists and turns and part of the enjoyment of reading this yummy tale was the ending. This book is definitely for fans of dark romance: this is not a hearts-and-flowers kind of book. But if you are a fan of the Four Horsemen from 'Corrupt', then you will devour 'Hideaway'! It is raw and gritty and WILD. And there is a fabulous sneak peek from 'Kill Switch', Devil's Night #3. I can't wait to see how Ms. Douglas tells Damon's story!! \n \"This is what I wanted. What I always wanted, since the first time I'd seen her. Someone who knew me and wanted to dive with me...\" \n ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.
1 4.5 STARS! \n WOW!! What an emotional roller coaster ride! LAST TOUCH is a totally hot and sexy conclusion with a fantastic psychological-thriller aspect. Laurelin Paige once again shows her incredible talent for creating nuanced characters and dominating, irresistible heroes. \n The ending of the first book was SUCH a cliffhanger, that I could not WAIT to get my hands on the second book in this series!! And LAST KISS does not disappoint. Laurelin Paige writes very adult, very sexy books and she kept me guessing throughout this whole story. Emily is insatiable for Reeve in this book and their chemistry burns up the pages. \n God, I was hungry for him. I roved my hands over his chest, wanting to touch all of his body at once, delighting at the hard muscles that met the underside of my palms. He was solid everywhere. A wall of strength and potency that could so easily overpower me. I was weak in his presence, incapable of anything except to yield. \n I loved Reeve Sallis from the beginning of this series (weird, I know!) and I adored his uber-Alpha ways. He obviously loves Emily but his loyalties are called into question here. There are tons of surprises in this book so I can't say anything about the plot in case you haven't read the first book in the series (which I HIGHLY recommend!!) These two are on absolutely FIRE when they are together. These are two adults who have lived through a lot and Emily might have finally found someone with who she can be completely herself. \n He leaned his hip against the vanity and folded his arms across his chest, a position that highlighted both his broad shoulders and toned biceps. \"You like it when I keep you guessing,\" he said dismissively, not an entirely inaccurate statement, though it was a bit discomforting that he knew it so well. \"And I like you on your toes,\" he added, his eyes dark as they slid the length of my body. \n LAST KISS is a super-sexy, romantic suspense that rockets toward a riveting conclusion. I could not put this book down!! Laurelin Paige is on my short list of must-read authors and she kept me on my toes throughout this whole book. The sexy times are TOTALLY hot, believable, adult and very raw. There are many characters that kept me second-guessing the plot and I certainly did not see this ending coming. Who was the bad guy? Was there even a bad guy in this story? You must read this book to find out!! \n A warning bell sounded in the back of my head, though, urging me to get my wits together and address . . . something. It was dificult to remember what exactly when his hands were on my breasts, squeezing and pinching. The bite of pain sent jolts of electricity through my nervous system, signals that my brain read as pleasure. Pleasure I couldn't resist. \n If you are a fan of sexy, suspenseful stories with an irresistible, Alpha male and a very strong heroine, then I highly recommend this series. You won't be able to put these books down! \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 I am finishing up dinner with my family and my fiance when my husband calls. \n What an opening line!! What would you do if the person you loved and thought was gone, suddenly re-appeared in your life, after you had moved on? This is the center of Taylor Jenkins Reid's fantastic new novel, ONE TRUE LOVES. From this powerful beginning, this story follows Emma as she must reconcile finding her long-lost first love with her new life and her new fiance, Sam. \n Emma and Jesse had been crazy in love and absolutely devoted to each other. They met as teenagers and ended up married and moving away from their small New England town to California. A tragic accident takes Jesse away, and after an agonizing period of mourning, Emma finds herself opening up to the possiblity of loving another man again. \n I think that perhaps everyone has a moment that splits their life in two. When you look back on your own timeline, there's a sharp spike somewhere along the way, some event that changed you, changed your life, more than the others. A moment that creates a \"before\" and an \"after.\" \n Told from Emma's POV, this book tells the story of how Emma and Jesse first fell in love. The author does an amazing job of creating very memorable characters who seemed very real. I felt like I knew Emma, Jesse and Sam and their friends and families. It is very important for me to feel connected to the main characters and I absolutely connected with all of the characters in this book. I loved how Emma grew and matured throughout this book and how her relationships with those around her changed and evolved as well. \n Good things don't wait until you're ready. Sometimes they come right before, when you're almost there. And I figured when that happens, you can let them pass by like a bus not meant for you. Or you can get ready. So I got ready. \n I cannot think of enough to say about this gorgeous book!! Emma, Jesse and Sam's story is so totally engrossing, you will feel like you are reading about your good friends. I cared deeply about what was going to happen to these three and was completely blown away by the direction this book took. This is a richly written, detailed story about first love, family, friendship and growing up. The ending is enormously satisfying and I found myself re-reading passages this book after I finished. I was not ready to say goodbye to these characters! ONE TRUE LOVES is certainly one of the best books of the year and one of new top favorite books ever. Don't miss this one!! \n Favorite quote: \n I don't think that true love means your only love. \n I think true love means loving truly. \n Loving purely. Loving wholly. \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 Ahhh, is there anything sweeter than second-chance love? I think not! K. Bromberg once again delivers with this sexy-sweet, second-chance love story with all new characters. The settings, the story, the characters...I simply fell in love with Hayes and Saylor!! \n The author is one of my top go-to contemporary romance authors and 'Sweet Cheeks' is a perfect example of her easy, romantic and sexy writing style. \n Saylor recently called off her engagement and is shocked when she receives an invitation to her former fiancee's wedding. She is a smart, driven businesswoman who owns her own bakery. What is she to do? While not one to engage in unnecessary drama, she finds herself in an unusual \"situation\" after her assistant accidentally replies that she will be attending the wedding. With a guest! \n She is convinced to attend the destination wedding and to bring as her \"plus-1\" her old love, Hayes Whitely. Oh but guess what: he is now a Hollywood superstar, having abandoned Saylor years ago without a word when he left for Hollywood. Why on earth would she even consider this crazy idea?! But Hayes is VERY convincing and off they go to the tropics. A part of Saylor does want to show off to her ex, but she realizes that she could wind up getting her heart stomped on in a big way. \n Hayes may be a well-known actor, but Saylor was his true love. Can he ever make amends for what he did, and win back Sailor's trust? And love? \n Even at the age of seventeen, Hayes could kiss in a way that made me feel like I'd just laid every part of my soul on the line when his lips left mine. \n If you are looking for a breezy, sexy, adult romance with a strong heroine and a sweet and sexy hero who just won't give up (and who happens to be the best friend of the heroine's brother!!), then 'Sweet Cheeks' is for you! \n The way I see it , sometimes things happen in life and love's put on hold. But if someone's your soulmate, nothing is going to stop you from together in the end. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
-1 For some reason, this story did not hold my interest. Stopped at about 35% but will pick this one up again later. I usually devour KA books but I'm moving on.", "date_added": "Mon May 23 17:45:54 -0700 2016
1 Well, well! The writing in 'The Deep End' is VERY different from other Kristen Ashley books but not to fear, the author turns the heat WAY up in this book. I'll be honest, I had to think about this story for a while after I finished reading it. \n I loved the plot of this book. The heroine Amelia is a Domme and is very accepting of herself and her needs. She was unapologetic about her lifestyle and for that, I applaud the author. In many other ways, she was just a normal human being with a desire to build a relationship with someone outside the BDSM scene and club life. \n Amelia is a member of the ultra-exclusive club The Bee's Honey. They have a very rigorous screening process and she knows the men she will meet will have to pass certain requirements before they can walk in the door. She has never quite met the \"perfect\" sub but once she sets her sights on Olivier, all bets are off. He's her dream man, an Alpha sub who can meet her every need. He is everything I love about a KA hero: strong, confident, loving and caring. I had a bit of difficulty with their dynamic because he didn't seem like he was really a true submissive but their relationship worked. Olivier and Amelie didn't have a \"typical\" D/s relationship (if there even is such a thing) but they both seemed perfect for each other. \n I am a diehard Kristen Ashley fan so I will read anything this woman writes. I LOVED the erotic aspects of this story and the BDSM scenes did not offend me at all. I think that KA writes some very explicit sex scenes but 'The Deep End' is VERY explicit!! If you are a fan of this author's books, then definitely give this one a try. It is different and intriguing and has some very unique characters. Just be prepared to be surprised. Enjoy!! \n ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.
1 4.5 - 5 STARS \n \"How long does it take to fall in love? A second? A week? A year? It's like asking how long it takes to fall asleep. Some people are gone as soon as their head hits the pillow. Others lie awake for hours, and it's only when their brain stops churning for a while that sleep sneaks in and drags them under. That's how I visualize people falling in love. Some people fall so easily, they seem reckless. They love freely and unashamed. Those people are idiots. Or at least I used to think so. Until now.\" \n GAH!!! MY HEART!! Wicked Heart is the story of Elissa (who is Ethan's sister from Bad Romeo & Broken Juliet). One night, she happens to run into Liam Quinn, and he steals her heart. But fate has other plans for these two, and sadly, Elissa finds herself without Liam, and clueless as to why he disappeared from her life. Flash-forward years later and Elissa and Liam are working on the same stage production. Excerpt now, Liam is a superstar and has an equally famous fiance. \n Elissa is a professional and as stage manager, she is not allowed to become involved with any to the actors on the production. Liam broke her heart years before and she is trying her best not to let his new relationship crush her again. Liam still cares about her but being \"just friends\" with him might be too painful for her already fragile heart. \n \"Friends\" is one of those terms that seems benign but has a whole host of barbed-wire boundaries. Once you've made love to someone with so much passion that his name is branded on all your cells, is it possible to ever think of him as just a friend? Or is the heat of on old flame always going to lie dormant, just waiting to consume you again?\" \n But just you don't think this book is all angst, Leisa Rayven writes incredibly witty and funny dialogue to lighten up the mood. I found myself swooning, laughing AND crying while reading Wicked Heart!! \n A shudder of pleasure runs up my spine. \"Oh, I wouldn't dream of destroying such perfection. Are those hospital corners?\" \"If you find that sexy, then yes.\" I let out a soft groan. \"Such a turn-on.\" He chuckles, thinking I'm teasing, but I'm really not. I'm a self-confessed neat freak, and knowing he keeps a tidy house makes me all kinds of hot. \"Well, if you're finished eye-fucking my bed,\" he says, \"I have something else to show you.\" \"If it's a recently cleaned bathroom, I don't think my body's ready.\" \n This book is filled with sexual tension, heat, humor and heartache. The author's writing is so beautiful that I was swept away while reading this book. While I recommend reading the fantastic Bad Romeo and Broken Juliet before reading Wicked Heart, it is not necessary in order to enjoy this story. Oh and did I mention that I LOVE Liam? Favorite quote: \n \"Stay the night,\" he says quietly. \"I want to see how many more times I can make you scream before morning.\" \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 - 5 Stars \n \"You are important, and you can't be replaced. Hang on.\" \n NO ONE writes dark and edgy young adult books like Penelope Douglas! I LOVE the message of this sexy and angsty book. Ryen and Misha are unforgettable! \n Even if you aren't a fan of YA books, 'Punk 57' has enough adult scenes and intense sexual chemistry to satisfy. This is what keeps me coming back again and again to this author's books. Yes, there are tons of tough scenes; especially hard to take are the painful scenes from high school. Not pretty. This book is somewhat dark and angsty and is almost a hybrid between 'Corrupt' and the 'Fall Away' series. \n This is a classic love/hate/love story. Both characters were pen pals from a young age, pouring their hearts out to each other in a series of letters written over the years. They felt that they could only be themselves with the other; and they each brought out the best in the other. However, they have sworn to be anonymous, pledging to not seek the other out on social media. So when Ryen meets Misha in person for this first time, she has no idea who he is. Misha has been in love with Ryen for years but he hates the person she is now. Or who he ASSUMES she is. \n \"And then when I found out she was popular, not an outcast, and a cardboard cut-out, not at all original, I became angry. She led me to believe those things, and my muse was a lie.\" \n Yes, you must suspend disbelief for a minute here to believe that two teenagers in 2016 could really stay oblivious to the other's true identity. BUT there is so much nuance to this story and so many twists and turns that I could go along with that part of the story. \n How do you tell your friend-- your best friend-- that you've been right here, under her nose, playing with her like a puppet? \n 'Punk 57' is raw and BRUTALLY honest. Ultimately, it delivers an uplifting, beautiful and important message to anyone with a negative self-image or low self-esteem. And for that, I applaud the author. \n \"They'll never matter to us, Ryen. \n No one knows how this feels.\" \n ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.
1 4 - 4.5 Stars! \n Sexy, sweet, and heartwarming with some very witty moments. My first Lex Martin book and I loved it! You can absolutely read Shameless as a standalone, even though Brady appeared in Finding Dandelion. Shameless has heart, characters I connected with and wonderful supporting characters. Brady is a tattoo artist who happens to have a Fine Arts degree and also rides a Harley. He travels from Boston to his brother's farm in Texas after a sudden tragedy to take over the care of his baby niece. I was already swooning before I even got to the baby part. \n \"Here is this hot man, tattoos decorating his rugged arms, muscles tugging at the fabric, asking me about the baby's binkie while he holds her close to his chest.\" \n Katherine is helping with the care of the baby and staying on the farm after the sudden loss of her best friend. She is nerdy but beautiful and sweet and Brady is very attracted to her. He is drawn to her kindness and devotion to the baby and the farm. And when he learns about her background...well, his heart and my heart broke for her! She had a very tough childhood but attended college on a full scholarship. She is hard-working and humble but Brady thinks they can never be in a committed relationship. He needs to go back to Boston and Katherine has roots in Texas . Plus they are both dealing with loads of grief and guilt. Not the best time to fall in love. \n It is very hard for a writer to create a connection between her characters and the reader but Lex Martin has done an outstanding job with this in Shameless. I really cared about Katherine and Brady and what would happen to their new \"family\" and to blossoming their relationship. Shameless is swoony and passionate and funny and sexy, with the added bonus of the fantastic Texas Hill Country setting. \n This was a solid romantic read for me, with all the right elements. Brady was tender, sexy, and hot; Katherine was funny, smart, sexy and strong. I am still thinking about these characters days after finishing the book, which is always a good sign for me. I can't wait to go through my Kindle and read Lex martin's other books! \n Favorite quote: \n \"When you find your own little slice of heaven on Earth, you do everything you can to preserve it. To protect it. To nurture it.\"
1 4 -4.5 Twisted Stars!! \n \"I could be whatever I wanted beneath him.\" \n WOW!! What a dark and delicious ride. NOT for everyone but I loved it. \n Nikki Sloane is a writer of very erotic and sexy stories. I have enjoyed her earlier books so I was very intrigued when she announced she was writing a dark romance. SORDID is very different from her earlier books and features a shy, somewhat nerdy, smart heroine. Addison goes to a frat party where she meets up with her crush, Luka, a teaching assistant from one of her math classes. Addison is insecure and socially awkward, and wants to \"let go\" for once in her life. She has too much to drink at the party and ends up with Luka. \n The story then takes a 180 degree turn and Luka turns out to be extremely dangerous and controlling. He literally captures Addison and wont let her go. SORDID contains scenes of non-consensual sex so if this is a trigger for you, do not read this book. Luka is sexy and desirable BUT he is also cruel and abusive toward Addison at the beginning of this story. Nikki Sloane redeems him a little by the end of the book, which also has undertones of romantic suspense, but this is a very, very dark book. With that said, the sex scenes are also incredibly hot and erotic and the story is very fast-paced and surprising. \n \"His reality is cruel and dark. He traps me in his web, his power twisting tighter the more I struggle, until it's hopeless. I can't break free.\" \n This is an edgy, graphic story with a fascinating cast of characters. Luka's motivations are revealed by the end of the story but we never really know what he is thinking because the book is told from Addison's POV. I loved how she stayed strong throughout this story, even as she was incredibly conflicted about her feelings toward Luka. Their relationship was certainly non-traditional for sure, but it somehow worked for me. Luka had a raw appeal and accepted what kind of person he was. SORDID is not the most graphic or taboo book I have ever read but it is close. Nikki Sloane is a gifted writer and my only issue with the book is that I would have liked a little more written about Luka's family! So hopefully another book will be coming that will explain more about his very dangerous family. \n SORDID is a rough and raw read, but fans of dark erotic romance will love this one. There is a ton of very, very graphic sex in this book. But any book that makes me think about the characters after I have finished is a winner, and trust me, Luka is a VERY memorable character! \n \"I control every part of you. Repeat it.\" I was trembling in my core. Instinctively I wanted to fight against him, but I also wanted to please. I wanted to succeed. I stumbled over the words. \"You control every part of me.\" \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 Raine Miller has written another swoony, sexy, and beautiful story!! I fell in LOVE with Caleb! \n I couldn't wait to read this new series from Raine Miller. Loosely connected to the Blackstone Affair series, the new Blackstone Dynasty introduces Caleb Blackstone, a wealthy businessman who is handsome, brilliant, driven, and of course, all alone. His life is filled with one-night stands and no permanence. He neither has the time or the interest in a lasting relationship. His family is wealthy and he does seems to have it all. Raine Miller writes an Alpha male like nobody's business and you can add Caleb Balckstone to the short list of handsome, passionate heroes. \n Yes, there is some insta-love here BUT Raine Miller is a masterful writer and takes time to build her characters. When Caleb first sees the pretty Brooke, he smitten. Their later chance encounter at a party leaves a lasting impression on him. Little does he know that their families actually share a long history together. But Brooke, who is working several jobs, has ZERO interest in a serious relationship. She has suffered great loss in her life and was forced to leave her home England at a young age to live with her grandmother in America. Caleb and Brooke are both totally blind-sided by their mutual attraction. \n \"Nothing was familiar when it came to Brooke. Each new thing we shared together felt to me as if I'd never done it before, and more importantly, as if I never wanted to do it again with anyone other than her--ever.\" \n I loved how Ms. Miller touched on the loneliness that both of her main characters felt. It was very poignant and made Caleb and Brooke's growing relationship all the more sweeter. I also adored how devoted Caleb was to Brooke and their passion together was INCREDIBLE! If you are looking for a beautifully written contemporary romance that is fairly low on the drama and angst, then 'Filthy Rich' is for you. The author made the New England setting come alive for me and I absolutely ADORE the cover of this book. The cover model Adam Cowie is THE perfect Caleb Blackstone. \n While this book is a standalone, there will be another book coming in this series in February of 2017 for more about the Blackstone family! \n \"When you find whatever it is that makes you happy, Caleb, hold on to it with everything you've got. Your heart will let you know.\" \n With thanks to the author for an ARC provided in return for an honest review.
1 Another warm, romantic and totally hot story!! \n I have a confession: I am addicted to Alexa Riley's books! They are quick, sexy, and always well-written. The heroes are devoted to their women and the heroines love every second of it. There's always a HEA in the world of Alexa Riley!!
1 4.5 Stars!! \n Thank you, Joanna Wylde, for the fabulous Tinker Garrett!! She's a smart, feisty, funny heroine who isn't 20 years old. And Gage...HOLY HOTNESS!! Gage and Tinker's story was a hot and sweet slow burn romance, with the perfect amount of humor, depth and emotion. \n I read a lot of MC stories and Joanna Wylde remains one of the best writers in this genre. The Reapers is one of my favorite MC series and I knew from the first few pages that this would be an exciting, witty and sexy story. \n Gage is above all else loyal to his club. He hates his current undercover assignment, mainly because he has a fake girlfriend which is stopping him from claiming the stunning Tinker. The Club always comes before all else. \n \"Reapers forever, forever Reapers. \n Sometimes loyalty sucks.\" \n Tinker Garrett is certainly not Gage's usual \"type\" - she is smart, runs a thriving business, owns her own home and is taking care of her elderly father. Not the usual young girls Gage toys with. And I absolutely adored Tinker's best friend!! But Gage soon realizes he could have something real and beautiful with Tinker and he sets out to claim what's his. \n I turned, catching the back of her head and pulling her in for a hard kiss, because fuck loyalty. \n There is a lot going on in this book plot-wise, no question. But Ms. Wylde ties everything together AND really makes you CARE about the main characters. As always, the Washington State setting is perfect and well-researched. And can we talk about the ending and the fantastic Epilogue?? Both surprisingly sweet and sentimental, they added another level of emotional depth to an already great story. \n REAPER'S FIRE is another fantastic, sexy and totally engrossing story from the talented Joanna Wylde. \n \"When you look back at this moment, I want you to remember there was a BEFORE I claimed you and an AFTER. Now it's after. You got me?\" \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 Stars! \n WOW! What a gorgeous story! New-to-me author Emma Scott has written a beautifully-crafted, lyrical story with memorable characters and a simply beautiful love story. Full review to follow.
1 4.5 Stars!! \n \"One is enough. It's unique. It's a chance, an opportunity, an experience. One is never greedy. One is independent. One can change everything.\" \n Jewel E. Ann has become my new favorite author!! I DEVOURED the Jack & Jill Series, and One features two characters from that series. Although this book can technically be read as a standalone, PLEASE PLEASE read the unforgettable books in the Jack & Jill Series first because there are some major spoilers. The author calls this genre Romantic Comedy but it so much more! Swoony romance, funny dialogue, dramatic moments and SEXY scenes...Cage and Lake are two very memorable characters. \n Lake became an amputee after a tragic car accident that took the life of her fiancee. She has moved away from her family in California to Minneapolis, where she once again runs into the football star Cage, with whom she once shared an unforgettable kiss. She cat get Cage out of her head and cant believe he remembers her, too. Cage really sees Lake, not her disability, and she can't get him out of head. \n \"Mind if I lose the leg?\" I asked. \n He shook his head. There really were no words to describe how his lack of any sort of reaction made me feel. \n Not one flinch. \n Not one nervous glance at my leg. \n Not one second of hesitation. \n Cage is sexy, warm and loving. He falls fast for Lake, who is impulsive, funny, a little insecure and very, very honest. She makes a living by testing artificial limbs, and her work takes her all over the world. A trip to China provides one of the BEST scenes in the whole book!! It is so hard to categorize any of Jewel E. Ann's books, they really cover all the bases and I ended up highlighting half this book. \n \"My mouth said thank you, but my heart said I love you.\" \n Lake is quickly thrust into the world of NFL pro football and things aren't always easy. Her family makes an appearance in this book and they are always there to support her. There are some very dramatic moments in this book which provided some very unexpected and very surprising twists, as only this author can do. The supporting characters are, as always, absolutely fantastic (Flint! Hello!! Would love to read your story!!) Warm, sexy and laugh-out-loud funny, ONE is another home run from this amazing author. \n \"Give me you. Give me every tear. Give me every breath. Give me every fear. Give me every touch. Give me every smile. Give me every day.\" \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 Ahhhhh!! There's nothing like a Kylie Scott romantic comedy. Ever since 'Lick', I have been a huge fan of her witty and sexy writing. I am calling 'Twist' a friends-to-lovers story because Alex meets her ideal man online and they really do become \"friends\" even though it is through a dating site. She decides to surprise him and travels all the way to Coeur d'Alene, Idaho. SURPRISE! It turns out she was not communicating with \"Eric\" but instead was really emailing with Joe, his brother. A big, sexy, lumbersexual brother. Not her type at all. Oh no. \n \"With all the body-shaping underwear, lip gloss, heels, and tiny dress, you could almost say I'd been fibbing about who I was. His lie, however , left my Spanx and push-up bra way behind.\" \n Joe is beyond shocked to see Alex in person and her already-fragile ego takes a nose dive. One thing leads to another, and Alex decides to stay in town and realizes that Eric is actually not her type at all. It is Joe is the one who she really developed the relationship with. In all his bearded, muscled glory. Kylie Scott is a truly gifted writer and the banter banter between her characters is priceless. While we all know this story will have a happy ending, it is the journey there that is so satisfying. Alex is a real, relatable and very funny heroine, and the scenes between her and Joe are GOLD. \n \"No more hiding or denying, sticking to the sidelines of life. It was my time to step forward and be brave. When it came to Joe Collins, I was more than ready to say yes.\" \n Alex is hilarious and warm and real and someone you would want as your best friend. The whole gang from the Dive Bar series is here plus my favorites from the Stage Dive series. BUT with that said, this is a complete standalone and you do not need to have read any of the earlier books. \n 'Twist' had plenty of steamy hot scenes and I think Joe Collins might be one of my favorite Kylie Scott characters. Joe and Alex have amazing chemistry and there is just enough angst to add the perfect amount of tension to this romance story. And all the kudos to Kylie Scott for writing a STRONG female heroine who goes after what she wants!! YES!! This is a funny, sexxxxxy, well-written and lighthearted romantic comedy. It has the perfect mix of dirty, laugh-out-loud humor and well-rounded characters. I'm booking a flight to Coeur d'Alene. \n FAVORITE QUOTES: \n \"When it came to Joe Collins, my pussy was a wanton whore. And seriously, who could blame it? His body was one big beautiful playground. There wasn't an inch of him I didn't want to explore.\" \n \"Basically,\" he said, voice little more than a rumble, \"with your permission, I just want to hold you down and make love to you for a good long time, watching your face as you come.\" \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 \"We were two cousins in love with the same girl.\" \n I really liked this book! I have never read anything by Katy Regency before and I love her style of writing. Set in the South, Ginger's Heart is a contemporary romance and a retelling of Little Red Riding Hood. The story follows Ginger, Cain and Woodman, who have known each other their whole lives. Ginger has always loved bad-boy Cain, while his cousin, Woodman, has been in love with Ginger since she was a young girl. \n Cain knows he can't have Ginger, he is loyal to his cousin and he stays away from Ginger. Both boys enlist in the military and the story follows the three of the through the years. I love a good love triangle and even if you are not a fan, the way Katy Regency is beautiful and passionate and emotional. It is easy to see why Ginger could not really choose between Cain and Woodman. \n Cain is the one who play the \"wolf\" role in this story, he has a good heart but he has never lived up to his family's expectations for him. He is sexy, wild and irresistible. But he is fiercely loyal to his cousin and he treats Ginger like a princess. \n \"He was uncouth, bad mannered, irreverent, impertinent, and irresponsible, with a mouth like a sailor before he'd become a sailor, and a dick that had seen so much indiscriminate action, it's a wonder it still worked.\" \n Everyone exited Ginger to spend the rest of her life with Woodman. He is devoted to Ginger and she loves him but not the same way that she loves Cain. I really liked Woodman and was rooting for Ginger to love him! This book takes a very surprising turn near the end which I did not see coming. I absolutely loved the span of years in this book and loved watching Ginger grow up. Katy Regency makes both Cain and Woodman very sympathetic characters and the story is romantic, sexy and very emotional in some parts. \n \"It doesn't make one of us a villain and one of us a hero. You can't help who you love. But someone's heart was goin' to break.\" \n This is a very engaging and lovely story with a very creative twist. I loved it and can't wait to read more books from Katy Regnery. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 I FINISHED!!! This book took me FOREVER to read! But I am so glad I stuck with it, I really loved it. It took me a while to get into: this book has a TON of characters and storylines. But once I hit about the 100-page mark, I became very invested in the story and couldn't wait to see what would happen with Lizzie, Lane, Edward, Gin and the rest of the family. Oh, and Samuel T. There's a little bit of sex but mostly this is a sweeping romance novel, much like Dynasty and Dallas from the 1980's. If you loved those series, you will love this book. There's betrayal, unrequited love, family fortunes, and much scheming. \n There are many characters to love here and many to hate. Some are over-the-top but I loved the central storyline involving Lane and Lizzie. \n The author really gets the Southern mannerisms right, and the backdrop of the Kentucky Bourbon industry is fascinating. This book ends not so much on a cliffhanger but with many, many loose ends, and I will eagerly pick up the next book in this series.
1 \"She's the love of my life. And I'm not walking away from her, even for a second.\" \n A Thousand Boy Kisses is a lovely, poignant and sweet coming-of-age story with just the right amount of heat. Poppy and Rune are sure to become two of Tillie Cole's most beloved characters. I fell in love with both of them! \n Kiss eight hundred and nineteen was the kiss that changed it all. The kiss that proved that a long-haired brooding boy from Norway and a quirky girl from the Deep South could find a love to rival the greats. \n Hopefully you haven't read any spoilers for this book because I will say that the ending COMPLETELY surprised me! These two completely and totally loved each other from the time they were children. They were inseparable. Then Rune suddenly has to move away with his family, but the worst heartbreak was that Poppy cut him off with no explanation. His heart was broken. But that's not even the sad part of the book. Rune returns several years later but he is different, changed, all because of what he suffered through. \n Poppy is devastated to realize that her treatment of Rune is what caused him to become moody and cold towards her. When she finally tells him the truth about why she cut him off, he becomes totally devoted to her. Please listen to the author's own description of this book as a \"tearjerker\"! Because that's what it is. I loved Rune's absolute devotion to Poppy and her strength and bravery was beautiful. \n This is an extremely emotional book but yet the story and the characters are incredibly engaging. I loved everything about this book, from the gorgeous cover to the story behind the thousand kisses. Grab a box of tissues and be prepared to fall in love with Poppy and Rune. \n (ARC kindly provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 Gold-Medal Stars!! \n SCORE!!!!! I knew when I read the synopsis for this book that I absolutely had to read it!! After falling in love with Liam and Kinsley in SCORING WILDER, I could not WAIT for R.S. Grey to release this sexy, funny-as-hell story about the Summer Olympic Games in Rio. Throw in a sexy British swimming superstar and a funny, beautiful, and driven soccer player, and I'm all in. \n The Summer Games is definitely NOT just for fans of sports romance. This story is addictive, fun, enjoyable and very, very funny. R.S. Grey's one-liners are absolutely hilarious. Andie is a champion women's soccer player, in Rio for the Olympic games. She's young, fit, focused on the competition but ready to let loose in the Olympic Village. \n \"I had to keep up my workouts and diet. Sure, I'd nearly chugged a bottle of vodka the day before, but sometimes vodka counts as medicine.\" \n Of course she was warned to stay away from bad-boy British swim champion Freddie Archibald, but Andie is just what Freddie needed in his life. He is promised to another woman, an uptight social climber to whom appearances are everything. Caroline is the opposite of Andie and Freddie has no intention of continuing with their sham \"engagement.\" \n R.S. Grey really brings in on in the romance department in this book. This is is MUCH sexier than some of her other books and I absolutely ADORED it!!! Andie and Freddie are incredible together. But will their romance continue after they have both left the Summer Games behind? \n \"I needed her more than I needed my next race. The water was soothing, but Andie lit me on fire.\" \n I loved how strong and competitive Andie was and how she stayed laser-focused on her team and the games. And I always love a dual POV - and R.S. Grey executes the male POV perfectly here. Oh and Freddie's sister Georgie was funny and charismatic and I would love a book about her!! Just saying. I highly recommend The Summer Games, it is completely addictive! I can't wait for the next book in this series!! \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 \"... I guess it's like reading a good book. The kind where you don't want to skip pages to see what happens at the end. Each moment is a story in itself.\" \n Swear on This Life is one of THE best second-chance romances I've ever read. This book is perfection!!! \n I really can't do justice to this beautiful and heart-wrenching story. This is one of those books that absolutely must be experienced by reading the author's own perfectly-crafted words. Swear on This Life is incredibly imaginative, creative and heart-stopping, and is one of my favorite books this year. \n I finished this book months ago and have been thinking about it ever since. It is a book I have been telling all my non-bookish co-workers and friends to read. I completely tuned out the world when I read this book and wanted to spend every waking minute reading it. The past and present blend together seamlessly in this book and there are flashbacks within flashbacks. This could be confusing BUT Renee Carlino does it brilliantly here. There are really 4 main characters in this book: \"real-life\" Emiline and Jace, and \"fictional\" Emerson and Jackson. The early days of the real main characters and the fictional characters are absolutely harrowing. Emiline has now escaped her past and grown up to make a perfectly nice life for herself. She struggles, however, to find her voice as a writer. She has tried her best to put her painful past behind her, but reading the popular best-selling book featuring Emerson and Jackson has brought her childhood crashing into her present-day self in a way she is not quite ready to face. \n \"Most of the time people who are lost don't ever find their way back.\" \n I like to be challenged as a reader and Swear on This Life did just that. It is a fascinating and unique second-chance romance like none other. At times excruciatingly painful and brutally honest, the book is also romance and women's fiction at it's very best. There is actually some humor to lighten up the overall heavy tone of the book along with an intensely sweet first love story. Emotional and satisfying, Swear on This Life is a must-read. \n \"Some of us will look back on our lives and recall events that were a bit too perfect, but until you know the whole story, it's impossible to see the universe at work, or even admit that there is something bigger than us, making sure everything that should happen does happen.\" \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)", "date_added": "Sat Mar 05 16:39:31 -0800 2016
1 Original, fresh, fast-paced, sexy.... LOVED every word of this book!! \n L.J. Shen has written an incredibly thrilling and amazingly satsifying book. I love her writing style and can't wait to read her other books. This story grabbed me by the throat from the first word and didn't let go until the very last page. And what a beginning! Sparrow has found herself in a sudden arranged marriage to one of Boston's most notorious criminals, Troy Brennan. \n He has a troubled past. A disastrous future. And I'm about to become a part of his present, whether I like it or not. \n Sexy, dangerous, with not one ounce of kindess or compassion, Troy is a feared and legendary figure in Boston's crime circles. Sparrow has known of him all of her life, having grown up on the mean streets of Boston and with a father who was a low-level member of one of Troy's father gangs. Sparrow has no clue why she has been forced into this marriage because Troy seems to hate her as much as she hates him, and they both seem revolted by the idea of being married to each other. \n \"Dear future wife...\" He smirked in a way that made me want to beg for mercy. \"If you think you're going to give me trouble, think again. I invented trouble. I stir it, I mix it, I fucking fix it. Don't try my patience, because you'll discover I have absolutely none. \n Sparrow is feisty, resilient, smart and yes, very innocent and sheltered in many ways. She has no qualms about standing up to Troy, and he actually likes it. Sparrow is different from all the gold-digging women who are only interested in his wealth and his power. He actually kind of likes her, in his own, sick, very twisted way. But Sparrow learns quickly how to survive in her gilded cage and is thrilled when Troy agrees to let her work in one of his restaurants. \n The sexual chemistry in this book is explosive!! Troy is the ulimtate bad boy. But what makes this book so unique is the witty sarcasm from both her main characters and the crsip and snappy dialogue. I read this book in almost one sitting and I still want more!! \n \"I was in love with a murderer who didn't love me back, who never explained why he took me for his wife. It wasn't fine, wasn't okay, but it was the ugly, embarrassing, uncomfortable truth. Considering how fucked up my truth was, I began to understand why Troy gave me something far more convenient and beautiful. He gave me lies, and I ate them from the palm of his hand. He gave me lies, and for him, I closed my eyes. \n This book rockets forward at a breakneck speed, with an incredible storyline that kept me guessing until the very end. There are many memorable supporting characters but Troy and Sparrow are the main focus and i kept hoping that Troy wasn't really as evil as he seemed to be. Sparrow is no pushover and I absolutely adored the ending that author gave these two. This book is one of my favorite books so far this year and it is defintely the most original. I highly recommend this story and can't wait to read more from this author! \n FAVORITE QUOTE: \n \"Failure is inevitable,\" he continued in a flat tone that didn't hold much emotion or hope, \"and heartache is unstoppable. One day, I'll forget to clip your wings. When that day arrives, when you run away, I guess I'd be happy to know you'll still have some money and the means to make it in this wild, tough world.\"
1 This book was THE definition of slow-burn romance and it was fantastic! A long read but well worth it. Mariana Zapata creates incredibly REAL characters with real fears, disapppintments and dreams. Everything you've heard about this author is true. She takes her sweet time to build a connection between her MC's so that when they get to their HEA, it feels RIGHT. \n \"I would have done just about anything for you back then, even when you got on my nerves. I might have just waited until the last minute to push you out of oncoming traffic, but I'd still push you out of the way.\" \n That's what I'm talking about! This book is on many readers' top favorite books for good reason. Colorful characters, well-written dialogue and sweet, sweet romance. Highly recommend!! \n \"Ovaries. Where were my ovaries?\"
1 4.5 STARS!!! \n \"Falling in love might not have been on my list...but I'm glad I fell in love with you, Liam.\" \n I read this witty, funny, SEXXXXY, beautiful story in one sitting. Do NOT let the title scare you away! The Ending I Want is a very positive story in many ways, even though the plot is pretty much revealed early on in the book. Samantha Towle is such a capable writer that this story could have turned into a tired cliche. Instead, it is an exciting, fast-paced, immensely enjoyable book with two very memorable main characters. \n Can we talk about Liam? At first I thought, \"Oh no, not another wealthy British businessman!\" But he is warm, smart, sensitive and ALPHA all rolled up into one perfect package. The problem is that Taylor Shaw only has plans to visit England for two very short weeks. Which means that she might have to tell Liam about the secret that she is trying not-so-successly to hide from him. \n \"I would have stayed because I'm pretty sure I was in love with you from the moment you surprise-kissed me on the plane. You had me instantly.\" \n The Ending I Want is not overly-sentimental or sappy. Instead it is the perfect mix of humor, hope and love. I absolutely loved this unexpectedly beautiful story. Oh, and The Mighty Storm fans - watch for an appearance by Jake Wethers!! \n Favorite Quote: \n \"I'm smiling and laughing and doing something that scares the crap out of me. I'm living because of Liam. And that thought alone brings with it a whole new brand of fear in me. A fear that terrifies me in a way that I have never known before.\" \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 Just, WOW. My first Kim Jones book and it absolutely BLEW ME AWAY! Sinners Creed excited me, stunned me, shocked me and yes, even made me cry. Which is not an easy feat. Even if you've read a lot of MC books, this book will surprise you and thrill you and I can't recommend it highly enough. \n This is an unwavering, no-holds-barred look into club life, with all of the violence, sex and raw emotion you can imagine. Brotherhood comes before all else, and these men will sacrifice everything for their brothers. Dirk is no exception: he has become a notorious enforcer, a nomad, who travels wherever Club business takes him, always alone, always doing what needs to be done, no matter what the price. \n Saylor comes into his life quite by accident, and gradually, slowly, they develop a deep and loving bond. Dirk has lived a sad, brutal life, and Saylor finally is something good in his life. Saylor is running from something, and Dirk agrees to take her on his travels across the country. \n It is best if you go into this book without knowing too much detail about the plot. I knew nothing about this book when I started reading it. It turns out that Saylor loves to ride, and really, she is the only joyful part of Dirk's violent existence. This book took a very surprising turn which was perfect for these two characters. Some will love it, some will not, but take a chance on Sinner's Creed and go on the Dirk and Saylor's journey with them. This book was magical, gritty, raw and beautiful all at once. \n Read an excerpt at www.thebookbellas.com \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 - 5 MISSION-ACCOMPLISHED STARS!! \n WOW!!! As a jaded romance reader, I am rarely taken by surprise by books that I read. Well, FLY WITH ME took me by surprise from the first page! This sexxxxy and emotional story grabbed my heart and didn't let go. Handsome fighter pilot? Check. Smart, curvy, sweet heroine? Check. Two older characters who have dated a lot and know what they want and go after it? CHECK!!! \n This is the first book in the new Wild Aces series and follows a group of fighter pilots. I fell in love with Noah and his passion for flying and his devotion to his country. These men put their duties first and it isn't easy to have a family with their schedules. Noah has never been tied down before until he meets Jordan in Las Vegas art her sister's bachelorette party. She is just looking for a night of fun from her quiet life as a store owner back in Florida. \n How often could you say that you could pinpoint the exact moment when your life changed? \n What makes this book different is the vivid portrayal of both Noah and Jordan's points of view. Noah is mouth-wateringly gorgeous, Alpha, smart and he wants Jordan. Jordan is smart, funny, and open, and Noah finds himself instantly attracted. \n But what happens after a torrid night in Vegas? Will Noah go back to his base in Oklahoma and Jordan home to Florida? I absolutely loved how these two struggled to figure out how to make their blossoming relationship work. There is something about an older hero and heroine that really gets to me. I appreciate their honesty and their passion. I read this book in one sitting and wanted more. I laughed, I cried, I was turned on...this book has it all. I am so glad I took a chance on a new-to-me-author. FLY WITH ME is a winner and I can't recommend this book highly enough!! \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)"
1 3.5 -4 ADDICTIVE STARS \n This place is like the Garden of Eden. Beautiful but full of danger. \n There was SO much to love about this book! Ella, the feisty, smart and sarcastic survivor. The sex, lust, and dirty talk. The fast-moving storyline. I really liked this book a lot but the over-the-top teen drama, the cruelty and the unecessary theatrics got in the way from making this a homerun for me. \n Elle Kennedy and Jen Frederick (the pair behind Erin Watt) are amazingly talented and gifted writers. Their writing talent made this book a TOTAL guilty pleasure, with a very likeable and resilient heroine and TONS of hot and heavy lust and sex. Ella Harper finds herself suddenly living in a world of almost unimaginable wealth and privilege after Callum Royal, her father's old friend, becomes her legal guardian. She is a poor girl who did what she had to support herself and get through high school. Suddenly, she is enrolled in private school and living in a house filled with Callum's sons, who are resentful of her, to say the least. They are on a mission to destroy her, and to make her leave. Despite their taunts and their endless bullying, she refuses to leave and is only after one thing: to finish high school and go to college. \n \"You should get away from here. These Royals will ruin you.\" \n Oh but there's the little detail of Reed Royal. The meanest of them all (and that's saying a lot), he and Ella hate each other at first sight but then can't stay away from each other. Even though I disliked Reed at the beginning, he began to grow on me and I could see how Ella eventually found him irresistible: \n \"He has everything a girl could want: the hard body, the handsome face that will still look good years from now, the money, and that extra something. Charisma, I guess. The ability to slay you with a single look. The apple is dangling in front of me, juicy red and delicious, but, like the fairy tale, Reed Royal is the villain disguised as a pretty prince. Taking a bite out of him would be a huge mistake. \n The Royals run the school and everyone there follows their orders. This book reminded me a lot of Beverly Hills 90210 and Gossip Girl. There is no question that this story is unputdownable. I just would have liked less cruelty and a little more reality. Nonetheless, I will most DEFINITELY read the next book because this one ends on quite the cliffhanger! I really do want to see what is next for Ella Harper. \n \"Auden wrote that when the boy falls from the sky after calamity after calamity, he still has a future somewhere and that there's no point in dwelling on one's loss. But did he suffer this? Would he have written that if he had lived my life? \n (ARC provided by the authors in return for an honest review.)
1 5 fighting stars!! \n \"I'll fight for us, but I'll need you to fight too.\" \n JB Salsbury has written a classic friends-to-lovers story, with two characters that I loved from her previous books. Killian and Axelle have been best friends since childhood, but Kill is not your typical bad-boy MMA fighter. He's a nerd in high school, and worships Axelle from afar. He thinks she could never be interested in someone like him, a geek who wears glasses, quiet and nerdy. Axelle, who has bad terrible choices in men, secretly loves him, but she doesn't feel worthy enough for the smart, driven Killian. \n There is more emotion, sexual tension and heartbreak packed into this book then many books twice the size. I could not put this book down and this story touched me on so many levels that I am still thinking about it a week after finishing! I fell in love with Killian. He is now my favorite of all the Fighting boys. Sweet, sexy, protective, strong, gentle - he is the TOTAL package. \n And Axelle is a fantastic heroine, she makes bad choices, is far from perfect but picks herself up and moves on and makes a better life for herself. She realizes early on that she can't hold Killian back from a stellar fighting career and refuses to hold him back. \n \"I can't lose him to someone else. But I can't allow him to pass up on a chance at happiness with someone else either.\" \n Axelle and Killian's story is emotional, thrilling, sexy, filled with heartbreak, hope and promise. \n This book was perfect in every way. The boy and girl secretly in love with each other, the years spent apart, the incredible sexual chemistry between the hero and heroine, and the beautiful and strong families who support them both unconditionally. I adored how the author allowed Axelle to overcome her insecurities and become her own woman. I love everything JB Salsbury writes but FIGHTING FATE is one of her very best books!I didn't think it possible, but I have become an even bigger fan after reading FIGHTING FATE. The dual POV was perfection and I can't wait for more books from Ms. Salsbury. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 Well that was very unexpected and different! I am a huge fan of L.H. Cosway and this is my first book by Penny Reid. This is part of the Rugby series but can absolutely be read as a standalone. This book is NOT your typical sports romance! It features a gorgeous ruby star who surprisingly, needs to learn some skills in the bedroom! This is a very funny and VERY sexy take on a familiar theme and I enjoyed every word of this story. \n Lucy is the sister of a star rugby player. She is quirky, different and has a very unusual way of dealing with anxiety - she has a compulsion to shoplift. Not so easy to hide when the media is lurking everywhere. At first she dislikes Sean, her brother's teammate, but beneath his bad-boy reputation is a kind, generous and loving soul. \n \"Beauty comes in many forms, and the strong, powerful kind is the most admirable. It's easy to be weak; you simply do nothing, but strength takes courage and effort.\" \n Sean has his own issues to deal with. He doesn't seem interested in proving his teammates wrong about his cocky reputation and his family is not exactly warm and fuzzy. Lucy is afraid of alienating her brother if he finds out that she and Sean are seeing each other, so they agree to keep their romance a secret at first. Lucy is going to teach Sean how to be a better lover - I LOVED how they did NOT start off with spectacular sex!! But Sean is so sweet and is a very, very good student. He begins to develop real feelings for Lucy and she begins to fall for Sean, too. \n \"I don't want to close my eyes when I could be looking at you\" \n The Player and the Pixie is a sweet, funny and totally fresh story. I absolutely adored Lucy and Sean and the very unique storyline. These two are very memorable characters and I highly recommend this book even if you are not usually a fan of sports romance! \n (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 DIRTY STARS!! \n Refreshingly funny and SOOO sexy!! Kyle Scott is laugh-out-loud funny. \n DIRTY is a fantastic start to a new series from Kylie Scott. The book starts off with a bang and doesn't let up until the very end. Lydia has run away from her own wedding, climbing over a fence and right into an empty house. Except that the owner is there and is very surprised to find a runaway bride in his own bathroom, distraught and still in her wedding gown. \n \"Even with no clothing to take cues from, the dude was clearly the epitome of cool. He looked about my age, or maybe a little older. He had longish red-blond hair, dark blue eyes set in an angular face, a lean but muscular torso covered in tattoos, and a rather large cock. Not that I meant to check him out, it's just kind of hard to ignore a penis and scrotum when they're dangling right in front of your face. I tilted my head, trying to get some perspective. Every viewpoint, however, was equally shocking. There was dick as far as the eye could see. \n And I should stop ogling him. Right.\" \n This was supposed to be Lydia's wedding day and she is, to put it mildly, distraught. But she still maintains her sense of humor even in the face of a cheating ex-fiancee and his overbearing family. Vaughan is a nice guy and offers to let Lydia stay with him until she is able to get back on her feet. Even though he probably shouldn't trust a woman who has broken into his house, he likes her and her curves and her smart mouth. \n \"You touch any of my stuff?\" he asked. \"Take anything?\" \n \"Yes, your sofa is cunningly hidden down the front of my dress. You won't believe where I fit the TV.\" \n Again, his eyes narrowed dangerously. \"Between you and me, probably not the time to be funny, babe.\" \n Lydia finds herself working at the local Dive Bar with Vaughan and his family and friends. Lydia grows to love the Idaho town she has found herself in and can see herself making a life there and putting down roots. Vaughan, however, is a different story. He is chasing dreams of being a musician and isn't ready to give that up. He and Lydia really like each other but neither one is ready for anything serious, so, they agree to a friends-with-benefits arrangement. . . which, of course, means at least one of them is going to fall in love. Hey, this IS a romance, after all!! And who can resist Vaughan? \n \"Clearly, there were far more northern Idaho sex gods than I'd given the region credit for. Further classifications were going to be required. If Vaughan topped the super-cool category, then maybe this new guy should win on the lumbersexual front. Given my abrupt return to singledom, I'd have to give this important man-classification system more thought. \n Disclaimer: Objectifying people is wrong and stuff.\" \n DIRTY is a fun and funny, sexy, warm-hearted romance that hits all the right notes. There is no unnecessary drama and lots of fantastic, interesting supporting characters. I adored everything about this book. Ms. Scott is one of my favorite contemporary romance authors and I can't wait to read the next book in this series!! \n \"When his lips opened a little, just enough to softly kiss my bottom lip, I swear I swooned. Over and over he kissed my lips, first the top then the bottom, the sides and the corner from where my smile started. No part was left untouched. My smile grew wider, my nipples hard and my loins Vaughan-addled. That's a medical term.\" \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 BEAUTIFUL AND PASSIONATE! Brigs and Natasha were in love once, and then a terrible tragedy struck and Brigs completely broke things off with Natasha. She was devastated. THE LIE is told in flashback, and we see the beginnings of their love story through the present day. This is a gorgeous second-chance romance, which had me on pins and needles from the first paragraph. \n Brigs is a tortured soul and I wasn't quite sure how the author was going to bring him together with Natasha. She barely escaped their break-up with her sanity intact and can't even begin to think about him being in her life again. Everything about Brigs is simply too painful for Natasha to deal with. \n \"Memories of love are a poison. My therapist told me that I have to embrace it. Acknowledge that people fall in love all the time with people they aren't supposed to, that I was swept away and lost control for once in my life...\" \n Brigs lives with crushing guilt for what happened to his family, but Natasha was the love of his life. What will he do now that she is in his life again? I was rooting for them from the beginning and read their story in one sitting. The writing is incredibly beautiful, soulful and passionate. \n \"Tell me what I am to you,\" he whispers, leaning in closer. I suck in my breath. Afraid that if I exhale I'll let all my secrets loose. \n I loved this book and loved the journey that Brigs and Natasha took in this story. THE LIE is yet another beautifully written story from Karina Halle! \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 This series is EVERYTHING!! Breathtaking romance, redemption, suspense, a sly sense of humor... this entire series just knocked the wind out of me!! This book was the perfect ending to the tale of Jackson and Jillian and all of the characters that I've grown to love through the course of three books. \n Jillian Knight has become one of my favorite heroines ever. Damaged, feisty, strong-willed, smart and sarcastic, I was praying for her to have a happy ending!! And her unbreakable bond with her brother was absolutely brilliant. \n \"In so many ways the greatest love story of her life was not with Luke or AJ ... it was with Jackson. He was the constant in her life. His love defined unconditional. Someday she would tell him ... someday.\" \n These two characters managed to fight their way out of almost unimaginable circumstances and both fought to find normalcy and happiness and love. That sounds sappy but there is not one false moment in this book and the author's writing literally took my breath away!! I could not put his story down until I found out what would happen to Jackson, Jillian, Ryn and Luke. Be wanted that there is graphic violence in this book, but it fit in with the storyline and the characters and it never felt gratuitous. \n \"Control never lasted. Eventually the illusion of time, the pull of gravity, and catastrophic events reminded everyone of their mortality and their utter insignificance in the great big world. Life was nothing more than one long blink. Here today. Gone tomorrow.\" \n I have not binge-read a series of books in a very long time. This series was an exception, and I wish I could read these books all over again for the first time!! I \"ADORE\" this author and can't wait to read her other books. \n \"Love is forever, yet waits for no one.\"
1 \"The heart never forgets skipping a beat.\" \n Just WOW!!! End of Day is Kristen Ashley meets Caroline Kepnes. Funny, sexy, suspenseful, witty...this book literally has it all. How did I not read this series sooner? This clever story about a brother and sister duo who are starting a new life in Omaha, Nebraska is filled with heart-stopping moments and an edge-of-your-seat plot. Oh - and there's plenty of intensely hot sex, too. \n I highlighted a zillion parts of this book and I would write a longer review but I need to jump right into Middle of Knight. Don't start this series if you have anything else to do because you won't be able to put it down!
1 \"You live \n I love you \n You breathe \n I live \n You dance \n I breathe \n I sing \n You love me\" \n A gorgeously written, passionate and lyrical story. My heart is singing!I fell in love with Rose and Damon and all of the supporting characters in this book. SHOWMANCE is set in the world of musical theatre in London and centers around a production of Moulin Rouge. Rose is an assistant choreographer and lives and breathes dancing. But she is content to leave the spotlight to others, having suffered from stage fright most of her life. Enter Damon Atwood, a reclusive superstar who stepped away from the public spotlight at the height of his fame after years spent in a quiet fishing town. Damon will bring star power to the production and is paired with the gorgeous actress Alicia, who plays his co-star in the show. Rose instantly feels tremendous empathy for Damon, who is almost painfully shy in public but comes alive when singing and acting on the stage. \n \"You have no idea the kind of betrayal I've suffered in my life... This friendship I have with you is a big deal. I haven't let someone into my life like I have you in years.\" \n SHOWMANCE is a very slow-burn romance, filled with stolen moments and tons of steamy, Alpha heat. Rose has sown off dating actors after being burned in past relationships. But Damon sees the beautiful soul that she is and can't help but fall in love with her. Although Damon is closed-off and shy in public, when he is alone with Rose, OMG!!! Their scenes together are absolutely unforgettable. \n In a heartbeat, every look we'd shared flashed through my mind, from that initial fleeting glance across the dance studio the first time I'd heard him sing, to this one. This one told me I owned his heart, his soul, his everything. \n This story has all the elements that I love: a smart and strong heroine, a damaged, sensitive hero and a creative, interesting plot. I loved the behind-the-scenes look into theatre production and the FANTASTIC cast of supporting characters, especially Rose's best friend Julian. I am THRILLED that Julian is getting his own book!!! I can't wait to see what the author does with this character. I could go on and on about this book, it is that perfect. L.H. Cosway is a brilliant writer and I devoured this book. It has the perfect mix of sexy, steamy scenes and just the right amount of angst. Don't miss this one!!! \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 This might be the most deliciously dirty Alexa Riley story ever. I mean, look at the plot, \"stepdad\" and \"stepbrother\" want to f*k the teenager living with them in their trailer. But it's all very sweet and in good fun even though it is nasty and totally forbidden! If you have about 1/2 hour to spare, prepare yourself for a fun, filthy, sexy, erotic story. Loved it!
1 How I love Carnal!! \n Just when I thought another Kristen Ashley hero could not break my heart any more than her earlier heroes, along comes Deke Hightower. A loner, almost a recluse, a man of very few words (the original strong, silent type!), Deke has had a hard, tough life, never putting down roots anywhere and never, ever opening his heart to a woman. He is a simple man, a lover of his bike and the open road, which he makes VERY clear to everyone he meets. Deke and Justice have a history together (he just doesn't remember it!!) but when they meet again years later, they have a verrrry slow build-up, and the slow burn worked perfectly for these two. There are lots of misunderstandings, lots of miscommunications, but when these two get together....OMG!!!! Expect the usual HAWTNESS and over-the-top Alpha-male sexiness that is pure Kristen Ashley. \n One of the things I absolutely adored about this book was Deke. He is no kid (and neither is Justice), and Kristen Ashley describes him as all man and then some. \n \"...All of it covering exceptional pecs and the most amazing stomach I'd ever seen. \n Not abs. \n A manly stomach. \n I had to admit, I was over the cut leanness that was all the rage. In the beginning, it was hot. But now it seemed daunting, men being so developed they didn't have an inch of extra flesh on them, not like they were human beings but like they were diagrams of a body's muscularity. \n Not Deke.\" \n *FAINTS* And Justice, I loved her! She is a gifted musician, with a renowned family but with lots and lots of heartache to go along with that. But this is Carnal and she is trying to hide out and get some peace. She hires Deke to renovate her new house and I think that Kristen Ashley must have a second secret career as a contractor. At first I thought there was too much detail about the house renovations but then I fell in love with the wonderful detail. Deke works with his hands, he takes pride in his work and the contrast between his blue-collar background and Justice's upbringing is both perfect and poignant at the same time. She has plenty of craziness to deal with, which Deke doesn't get at first. He really closes off his heart and Justice at first hides the fact that she remembers him from years before. He is almost sullen, but all of it comes from a place of heartbreak. \n \"My life, babe,\" he shook his head, \"until I was about twenty, it was not good.\" \"Okay,\" I prompted carefully, not liking that. \"And because a' that, I got a way I gotta be and that's a way that's not gonna change.\" \n > \n All Justice wants is love and acceptance and some peace in her life. I loved that she was always herself around Deke, and eventually he warmed up to her cheerfulness, honesty and just plain goodness. It is difficult for a man like Deke to be with a brilliant and successful woman like Justice. But Deke, being Deke, accepts this in his own way. \n He squatted and reached into the bag. \n \"Open a beer for me, yeah?\" \n \"I live to serve.\" \n Deke wanted to test that but do it when they were both naked. \n Fuck him. \n Total dumbfuck. \n I must mention that FANTASTIC cast of secondary characters here. Each and every one felt fully developed and essential to the story. In my opinion, Kristen Ashley can pretty much write about anything and I will devour it. But when she writes about two people who have already lived a full life, who have their own demons and pasts, and who know what they want, well, to me that's a winner. Welcome back to Carnal, folks, it is a beautiful place. Enjoy the bounty. \n \"I was living it and all I had to do was take care of it, nurture it, make it stronger. \n Then it always would be mine. \n Everything I'd ever wanted. \n My place in this universe. \n And it felt amazing.\" \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 Had the pleasure to read an early copy, and it is just a beautiful story!! A Love So Tragic is a gorgeous second-chance romance. Nic and Peyton have a passionate connection but a very rocky road to their own HEA that is emotional, sometimes painful and very, very REAL. I loved the \"rawness\" of it all. More to come closer to release day!!
1 4.5 STARS!! \n NAZ IS BACK and wicked as ever. \n I am in love with this series!!! The author continues to surprise by showing a \"little\" softer side of Naz here. Just a little. He is still as ruthless as ever but he remains fiercely loyal to Karissa. He stuggles to break free of his violent past for Karissa's sake, but let's face it, it is obvious he will never be completely free of that world. For that reason, I was on the edge of my seat throughout this whole book, just waiting for the other shoe to drop. \n \"He wants to be a better man to ease my guilt for loving someone like him.\" \n This is a fast-moving, thrilling and violent plot, but completely and utterly sexy at the same time. Naz is absolutely one of THE sexiest, most controlling anti-heroes and I love him!!! This series is a must-read for fans of Mafia romance. It is tighly written, fast-paced, totally sexy and has great supporting characters. There is lots going on in this book and obviously the series must be read in order or there will be major spoilers. \n J.M. Darhower is one of my go-to authors and this book delivers the goods. Buckle up and get ready for a bumpy ride!! \n (Many thanks to the author for the review copy.)
1 Absolutely astounding!!!! And the end was perfection. \n HIDDEN BODIES begins where where YOU ended. For those of you who do not like cliffies, YOU wasn't really a cliffhanger and can absolutely be read as a standalone. However, for someone like me who is obsessed with Joe Goldberg (and a little bit in love with him? Weird, I know), I was thrilled that there was more to this story. \n As funny as the author's commentary on NYC life was, she is even funnier and more on-point with her look at living in L.A. Don't fear, Joe is still as crazy as ever, but in an almost \"Being There\" fashion, everyone around him seems to mold him into what they believe him to be. \n And Joe is trying. He really is. But is still a complete and total sociopath. Despite that, I was really rooting for him to find true love in HIDDEN BODIES. But everyone is just so phony and materialistic and so Joe really believes he is justified in his actions. This story is just as addictive and readable as YOU, and will keep you on the edge of your seat, terrified but yet laughing out loud. Scary, funny, heartbreaking and amazing. Congrats to Caroline Kepnes for another perfect book. \n (Thanks to Atria for a review copy.)
1 \"In the depraved innards of my soul, I thrill at being the thing she fears. I want to claim her apprehension, dread, and uncertainty. I want to take ownership of all of her emotions and be the sole reason she trembles and cries.\" \n With those words, Pam Godwin has written on my favorite student-teacher dark romances. DARK NOTES is in the same category as UNTEACHABLE by Leah Raeder, with the rapid, short sentence style and the hopeless, yet hopeful, heroine. But Mr. Emeric Marceaux in in a class by himself (pun intended!) with his dark, dangerous and commanding nature. He knows what he wants and will do anything to make that happen. \n Ivory is a feisty, but dirt-poor music student who is out of her element at the expensive and elitist music school she attends. She is a senior and is trying desperately to make it to graduation so that she can secure a spot at a prestigious music academy. But she is the poorest student at the school, forced to do anything to survive. She barely has money for new shoes or the school uniform, let alone textbooks or the required tablet. \n Emeric is one commanding and bossy man. Whew. I thought I knew what I was getting into with this book but my God, this man is irresistible. He never, ever mistreats Ivory, unlike most of the other men in her life, and his heart literally aches for the proud student who refuses to take charity from anyone. \n \"All you need is a moment...This brutal man is my home. His hell is my heaven. I'm his Ivory, and he's my darkest note.\" \n Emeric became obsessed with Ivory and although he knew he had to stay away, they were both immediately connected and believe me, this girl needed his protection in the worst way. I love Emeric and was completely invested in him and his need to protect Ivory. This is without a doubt one of the sexiest forbidden love stories I've ever read. \n There is a fantastic, brutal, emotional and violent storyline that is pure Pam Godwin. The New Orleans setting is perfection, and having lived there for many years, I am always thrilled when an author gets the setting of the story just right. New Orleans is almost another character in this book, with its humidity, class system, funky neighborhoods and diverse music scene. \n Ivory is a feisty, strong heroine who will do whatever she needs to survive in her brutal world. She is no virginal, innocent heroine but she does have a refreshing honesty that I loved. Pam Godwin continues to be my go-to author for dark romance and DARK NOTES is just one more forbidden romance that hits all the right notes. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 - 5 SMOKING HOT STARS!! \n OMG I loved this book!!! Perfect mix of total hawtness and great writing. Funny, sexy, engaging. . . not what I expected AT ALL. Laurelin Paige and Sierra Simone are the complete package. I highly recommend this one!! \n Logan is a porn star but he really loves his job and makes no apologies for what he does. I loved the behind the scenes look into the porn industry and found it fascinating. Logan has had his heart broken by another adult film star but he has fantasized for years about Devi, who he met on set. Can two porn actors find true love together when their jobs involve having sex with other people? \n Believe it or not, this book is actually full of romance along with the amazingly hot sex scenes and dirty talk. Logan is actually very sweet and Devi is filled with dreams of going back to school and maybe, just maybe, having a \"real\" relationship with Logan. They make a reality-tv type of film together which follows them as they pretend \"date\" but they both begin to fall for each other. The lines between their series and reality quickly become blurred. This book is filled with surprises and even has some very funny moments. I love both of these authors and their first book together is hot, sweet and a total guilty pleasure. \n (ARC provided by the authors in return for an honest review.)
1 4 SEXY, FUN STARS!! \n I will admit I did not think I would love this book as much as I did!! I am a HUGE fan of Alessandra Torre's writing, but I really thought this story might be a little too \"fluffy\" for me. I was completely wrong!! It is sexxxxxy, fun, sarcastic, witty and a love letter to New York City. The formatting of the book is gorgeous and very, very clever. \n Chloe lived a pampered life as part of New York City's wealthy elite. As an NYU student, she never had worry about such trivial things as money or tuition. All of that comes to a screeching halt when her parents lose everything after being assessed of insider trading. But Chloe is nothing if not resourceful and finds a job as a personal assistant to a spoiled, mean and self-centered socialite, who also thinks of herself as an actress. \n \"The wealth of the city lived in a different bubble than the rest of us. One where there were no worries of minor problems, the majority of which were easily solved by money. One comprised of beautiful women, powerful men, the drug of success heavy in the air, punctuated by diamond, caviar, and ego. For the first time, I was an outsider...\" \n Alessandra Torre writes some of my favorite books. She can be dark, twisty, and imaginative, and Love, Chloe shows what a versatile writer she is. This is a light, funny, romantic, fast-paced story, but with so many clever touches, that I enjoyed it immensely. Each chapter begins with an Instagram picture that were a perfect addition to the story. They set the tone for the next chapter and what was going on in Chloe's life. \n This is a standalone novel and it delves not only into the world of New York City socialites, but also into the making of a movie, A-List and B-List actors and trying to survive in the Big City. Chloe has had to grow up fast and complicating things is her old boyfriend who keeps making unwanted appearances in the new life she is trying to make for herself. \n Maybe the cultured, confident woman I was before was just a product of my parents' money. Maybe now, with my new life a train wreck, I would discover the real Chloe Madison. \n And maybe, I wouldn't like her. \n Maybe it wasn't too late for me. \n Maybe all this was just my wakeup call. \n Chloe finally finds an apartment that she can afford on her own, now that she is gainfully employed, and wouldn't you know it, she has a HOT super who just turns out to be a NICE guy on top of all that hotness!! And of course you know that you will be treated to some SIZZLING sex scenes. Carter is a total doll and it is obvious he really likes Chloe. I loved that she was insecure, that she really ended up being a hard worker, that she did the \"right thing\" in the end (you'll see what I mean) and that Alessandra Torre gives her a happy ending that she deserves. Does she ALWAYS make the right choices? No. But Love, Chloe is a little \"slice-of-life\" very modern book that is immensely enjoyable. The author continues to surprise with her ability to write across different genres. If you are looking for a very fast-paced book with humor, heart and tons of steam, Love, Chloe is defintely for you! \n \"I love you, Chloe. Everything else fades away from that.\" \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 So I really don't think you can go wrong with an Alexa Riley book. Thief was over-the-top steamy and sweet, and had lots of action, too! This is a wonderful escapist bit of erotica when you want a hot Alpha and a guaranteed HEA.
1 3.5 - 4 Stars!! \n There is so much to love about this book! The heroine is funny, feisty, different, and not afraid to be herself. The dialogue is sharp and Graham is devlishly sexy. The story begins with a creative premise: a lost cellphone on a train. Our heroine Soraya and Graham immediately clash when she goes to his offices to return his phone. He is a total asshole at work but he loves that she argues with him and isn't afraid of him at all. \n Soraya works for an advice columnist, doesn't love her job and has not had a successful sex life. She rides the train to and from work every day from her apartment in Brooklyn and that is how she first spots Graham. But these two could not more different! \n \"My life was far from Sex and the City. It was more like Sex and the Pity. Or Sex and the Shitty.\" \n There are lots of funny one-liners in this story and the plot is very fast-paced. Graham loves that Soraya is pierced and dyes the tips of her hair in wild colors. Different from the stuffy women he has been with in the past. I loved the major twist in the middle of this book: it injected lots of emotion and heart into this story. \n I loved the New York City setting but several unrealistic plot points interefered with my enjoyment of the story. These authors are wonderful at creating memorable characters and Stuck-Up Suit is no exception. The chemistry is explosive and the sexy times are very, very hot. \n \"It would be my pleasure to leave the gentleman at the door and fuck you four ways dirty.\" \n This book is perfect if you want a sexy, funny, fast-paced contemporary romance that offers an escape from reality for a few hours. And kudos to Ms. Ward and Ms. Keeland for creating a heroine who marches to the beat of her own drummer! \n (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
1 4 - 4.5 STARS! \n Sweetly smart romance with a magnificent hockey-playing hero! Who wouldn't fall in love with Tucker? \n This sexy NA/Sports Romance series was just what I needed to read right now: fast-paced, funny, light, with just the right touch of sweetness and steam. Tucker was a doll: a good boy who really loved Sabrina and wanted to stand by her no matter what when a surprise pregnancy interrupts their no-strings-attached relationship. Tucker was a fabulous hockey player with a bright future ahead of him but like Sabrina, he knows what he wants, too, and he goes after it. \n Sabrina has her goals set in stone: attend Harvard Law and then go on to work in a large, prestigious law firm. She works multiple jobs, studies hard and doesn't have much time for anything else. Her home life is the pits and she can't wait to get far away from her family. Tucker and Sabrina were perfect together! The steam factor is off the charts in this book!! \n \"Oh sweet baby Jesus. Sex with Tucker is dirtier and hotter than I thought it would be. He doesn't look like he'd be this way, but isn't it always the quiet ones?\" \n Tucker was patient, yet a bit stalker-ish (thank God!) and overall, 'The Goal' is another wonderfully-written story from Elle Kennedy. And the cover!! Hello, abs!! The secondary characters are strong and I loved seeing the characters from the earlier books here. With that said, you do not need to have read the earlier books in the series to love and enjoy 'The Goal'. I loved the message here and the Epilogue was soooo sweet! Thanks, Elle, for another sexy couple in the Off-Camput Series! \n \"My goal, once upon a time, was to succeed. I didn't realize that success wasn't grades or scholarships or achievements, but the people I was lucky enough to have in my life.\" \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)", "date_added": "Wed Dec 30 12:35:44 -0800 2015
1 4 - 4.5 GRUMPY, SEXY STARS!! \n \"The massiveness of his body was such a turn-on. He was an unyielding wall of a man. I just wanted to stay right here - literally pressed between a rock and a hard place. Forever.\" \n WELL HELLO, GRUMPY BEARDED FARMER!! Sarina Bowen NEEDS to write more adult contemporary romance! OMG Griffin is one of THE sweetest and sexiest heroes EVER. Adored the story. Sexy, funny and smart. Fabulous beginning to what I'm sure will be a fantastic series!! \n I absolutely loved this story about Griff, a super-hot and always-grumpy farmer who lives and works with his large family on their farm in Vermont. I loved the wonderful details about apple farming, organic farming and the agricultural business!! This eye for detail just shows what an incredibly talented writer Sarina Bowen is. \n Audrey is struggling to make her mark in the Boston restaurant world and is called upon to visit several farms in Vermont as part of her job. She runs into Griif, with whom she had a few hot hook-ups in college. Back then he was a superstar football player, but he thought she was a sorority party girl and she thought he would never be interested in someone like her. \n Flash forward to the present, Audrey is trying to make it on her own without the help of her wealthy mother. Her bosses aren't exactly ethical in their business dealings, which Griff makes quite clear to her. BUT these two have some AMAZINGLY hot chemistry and can't seem to stay away from each other. I must say that Sarina Bowen surprised me with the heat level in BITTERSWEET!!! Griff is hot, sweet, huge and BEARDED. Audrey is hooked! But these two could not be more different: Griff is serious, usually grumpy and completely immersed in running his farm and the business side of farming, while Audrey, who is smart and driven, is funny, outgoing and much more of a people person. \n \"You're the sweet that balances out my natural tannins.\" \n Griff is my kind of hero. Hardworking, sexy, sweet, devoted to his family...and when he opens up to Audrey and shows his true feelings, OMG!!! Perfection. \n \"There was nothing I wouldn't have given her at that moment. Skin to skin with her was the only place I wanted to be.\" \n There is an incredible cast of supporting characters, I would love to read a story about each and every one. BITTERSWEET has humor, heat, wonderful writing and and a fast paced story. And plenty of sexy times to satisfy even the most jaded of contemporary romance readers (like me!) The only thing that kept this book from being a 5 star read for me was a scene early on that I felt was out of place in a sexy contemporary romance story. Other than that, I highly recommend this sweet, sexy and funny story!! Can't wait to read the next book in this series!! \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 \"For good or bad, all roads led back to him. Perhaps that's what it meant to really be his.\" \n I could not. Put. This. Book. Down. Simply out, this book grabbed me from the beginning and I haven't been able to stop thinking about Emily and Reeve since I finished. FIRST TOUCH is without a doubt one of my favorite books of the year. It is stunning and a true page-turner! \n The plot, the pacing, the hotter-than-hot sex scenes, the emotion, the characters...all pure perfection. I love Laurelin Paige's writing but with FIRST TOUCH, she has written the best book of her career. Run, don't walk, to buy this book! \n I absolutely love a damaged heroine when written well. Emily is an incredibly real, thoughtful, smart and beautiful woman, who lived a very fast and dangerous lifestyle when she was young. Her \"partner in crime\" was her best friend Amber, with whom she lost touch but who has now reached out to Emily. Amber represents a part of Emily's past that she'd like to put behind her, but Emily is forced into using her beauty and charm once again in order to seduce the man she believes might hold the clues to Amber's whereabouts. \n \"Men were my drug. Staying away from them had been the only way I knew to stay clean. The only way to reinvent myself.\" \n Amber has disappeared, is somehow in danger and Emily feels she owes it to Amber to help her. Amber did the same for Emily many times when they were younger, and Emily senses that Amber needs her now. To that end, Emily sets her sights on wealthy hotelier Reeve, who might be the only link she has to Amber. Reeve, it seems, is only interested in a purely sexual arrangement with the alluring Emily. But Emily can't help but fall for the hot, yet emotionally reserved playboy. \n \"His grip was strong and sure and aggressive. Almost too tight, but just barely not. He held it without saying anything for several seconds, and, I don't know how-- somehow, though-- I knew he was making his own allusion. His own promise. He wanted me to know what he'd be like. In bed. With me. He'd be powerful and controlling and forceful, even. Almost too forceful, but just barely not. Was that how he'd been with her? Did almost become too much?\" \n This book is part erotic romance, part thriller, part romantic suspense...FIRST TOUCH has it all. There are some VERY graphic sex scenes in this book and the steam factor is off the charts!! But there is much more to this story than just the erotic elements. My heart absolutely ached for the suffering Emily had endured; and I was literally holding my breath in anticipation throughout the story, hoping against hope that she and Reeve would develop real feelings for each other, beyond their agreed-upon sexual arrangement. Emily's pretend seduction of Reeve quickly turns into something more and she knows that Reeve represents the possibility of a real connection, real feelings, but he is hiding many secrets of his own. \n \"Because the only thing worse than falling under Reeve's spell would be me believing that he'd fallen under mine as well.\" \n There is a large cast of characters in FIRST TOUCH - some might be dangerous, some might not be, and some might know what happened to Amber. One thing is for sure, nothing is as it seems in FIRST TOUCH. And that is what makes this such an outstanding story. \n Favorite quote: \n \"This is only today. Tomorrow's going to be something else entirely.\" \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 3.5 - 4 Stars \n This is the very sexy and very sweet sequel to the short story, Hearts in Darkness. This book picks up shortly after Caden and Makenna first met in the darkened elevator. They have developed an almost-perfect relationship - and this book is verra verra steamy - but Caden has severe PTSD due to a very shocking incident in his past that has completely traumatized him. \n This is one of those stories where the hero doesn't think he is good enough for the heroine - she is smart, kind, beautiful, has a wonderful family, etc. - so the hero must distance himself from her \"for her own good.\" Makenna loves Caden but realizes that he is gun-shy and she is scared to make her true feelings known. When she does, all hell breaks loose. \n This is a lovely, steamy story with lots of angst and a beautiful HEA. If you are a fan of Laura Kaye's writing, then you will love this book. \n (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
1 Slip of the Tongue is absolutely enthralling. Jessica Hawkins continues to be one of the most underrated contemporary romance authors today. I ADORED this book!!! \n I am personally a fan of love triangles in books - I know, a little strange, but I love the emotion, the forbidden-love aspect and and the thrill of it all. So if you are not a fan, then this book is probably not for you. Sadie has been married to an amazing man who has suddenly and inexplicably shut down. Nathan has stopped communicating with Sadie, seems to not want her anymore, and pretty much just shuts her out. She tries to get through to him, to no avail. Enter sexy neighbor Finn, who is smart, sweet, and makes his intentions very clear from the start. \n I have LOVED this author's writing ever since I read her Cityscape series (which I highly recommend.) Ms. Hawkins made me FEEL Sadie's insecurities, her inner battles and her fear of losing her husband and I felt like I was on an emotional roller coaster from the first page of this book. This is a very adult and very passionate book where not all is black-and-white. Yes, Nathan seems perfect and yes, Sadie makes some mistakes, but she is human and I found the story to be very believable. I loved Finn and could see why Sadie was so conflicted. She love her husband but feels like her marriage is over. All of the characters in this book are incredibly well written and I connected with them from the start. \n Finn and Sadie have explosive chemistry AND so do Sadie and Nathan! The sex scenes are absolutely incredible. I loved everything about this book and loved the conclusion. Kudos to Jessica Hawkins for another incredibly sexy and addictive story. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 Sweet, SEXXXY, funny...JOCKBLOCKED has all this and more!! Jen Frederick has a gift for sparkling dialogue and nuanced characters that elevate her books to the top of the sports-romance genre. This story is funny, fast-paced and shows off the author's deep love and knowledge of the sport of football. Lucy and Matty are adorable and the sex scenes were waaaaay steamier than I expected. And the banter between these two is priceless! \n \"I know how to cook, and have, at some points in my life, operated an iron.\" He ticks off each skill on a finger. \"I always bring the good booze when I'm invited to a party, and I make my bed in the morning.\" \n \"You had me at know how to cook.\" \n Who doesn't love a gorgeous, smart athlete who's also senstive, depsite his party-boy reputation? Matty is one of the author's most endearing characters. Lucy is hilarious, and her inner dialogue is pure gold. \n The girls must have spotted Matt because they bypass three open tables to walk by ours. As they pass, there's a contest of who can flip her hair over her shoulder the hardest. I swear the last two eye fuck him so hard, it's a wonder they make it to their own table upright. \n There's a very sweet twist to this story, and I found the peek into the inner workings of a college football team fascinating. If you want a well-written, fresh college romance, without unrealistic and unecessary drama, pick up JOCKBLOCKED. It is part of an internconnected series but can defintely be read as a standalone. And be prepared for Matty to steal your heart!! \n He watches me while I pull on my coat. \"You're right that there's nothing wrong with how you're living. I'm not judging that. I'm just saying maybe your life could be happier. And that sometimes taking a risk gives you big rewards.\" \n \"And you're that big reward?\" \n He smiles wide. \"You won't know unless you give me a try.\" \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 STARS!!!! \n WOW!!!! There are lots of contemporary erotic romances out there but Nikki Sloane has quickly become one of my favorite authors in the genre. Regan and Silas burn up the pages in THREE DIRTY SECRETS!!!! Silas is just, well, irresistible. A hunky, smart, artistic, and Alpha tattoo artist?? Sign me up. \n This isn't the tired old girl-meets-guy, girl-loses-guy, girl-gets-guy back story. Regan is working as an undercover FBI agent in the Blindfold Club, which is really a side story to the main event of her sizzling romance with Silas Getty. She is an aggressive cop and Silas is aggressive, too, so what to do with that?! Nikki Sloane wraps it all up pretty nicely in this steamy, sexy story. \n \"We had heat by the truckload, but this was something else. Passion. So different, and so much better.\" \n Regan is still reeling from a prior undercover operation gone wrong so she is distant with Silas, reserved in her emotions but he is passionate and loves that Regan is a tough-talking, no-nonsense woman. She is afraid of falling for him but quickly that he might just be THE perfect man for her. \n \"I'd failed all of my objectives when it came to Silas.. . and I hadn't outlined any ground rules about keeping things between us casual. Last Sunday had been anything but casual.\" \n THREE DIRTY SECRETS is as much of a romantic suspense as it is a BDSM-themed book, the action is fast-paced and the sex scenes are absolutely incendiary. This book is for mature readers only!! There are threesomes that are scorching hot and main characters who are passionate, driven and not afraid to take what they want. I highly recommend this story, it is another winner in the Blindfold Club Series!! \n FAVORITE QUOTE: \n My mouth opened, but his hand slapped over it, silencing me. His expression was wild, like a man pushed to the brink. He looked dangerous, and fucking gorgeous. \"I couldn't wait any longer,\" he muttered. \"Deal with it.\" Beneath his palm, I smiled. I'd met my match in Silas, hadn't I? \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 >4.5 Sweet & Steamy Stars!! \n Cardeno C. is one of my favorite authors. Her books always contain a perfect mix of spicy and sweet, and the heat level is always just perfect for me. Her stories are always interesting, sometimes poignant, but never fail to contain a ton of heart so I absolutely love reading them. This book is the first in a series but can be read as a standalone. Asher is a dominant cop but this story just touches on BDSM themes, nothing too heavy here. Asher meets a younger man while in Las Vegas for a bachelor party. Daniel is the COMPLETE opposite of Asher! He's a free spirit, but he too is very attracted to Asher. \n Asher's protective tendencies come to the forefront with Daniel but the problem is Daniel is looking for a relationship, and Asher, not so much. I loved seeing how the relationship between these two changed and grew. AS with all Cardeno C. books, the characters are EVERYTHING and Daniel and Asher do not disappoint. Just look at this gorgeous cover for a hint of the steam level of this story, it is a perfect mix of total hotness and sentimental sweetness. Some readers complained about the stalker-ish tendencies of Asher but I didn't get that at all. He is just a big bear of a man trying to find his way to true love (awwwwww!!). \n Something in the Way He Needs is another perfectly sexy romance from Cardeno C. with just the right touch of emotion and steam! I loved it. If you are looking for an author to read with wonderfully satisfying characters and storylines, then grab this book! You'll love it, too. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 Fantastic friends-to-enemies story!! My heart is literally bursting. Two words: JUSTIN. BANKS. \n I don't know how Penelope Ward does it, but she takes someone who is so filled with hate and venom and turns him into the biggest hearthrob on the planet. Amelia and Justin haven't had any contact with each other in years - literally - so she feels compelled to sneak a peek at the man she is going to be owning a house with. \n \"He's...gorgeous. Absolutely freaking gorgeous.\" \n Covering my face, I said, \"Jesus. Please don't tell me that.\" \n \"Take a look.\" \n \"I can't.\" \n Before I could refuse again, Tracy shoved the phone in front of my face. It shook in my hands as I took it. \n Sweet Jesus. \n Why did I even look? \n Lo and behold, Justin shows up to share the summer home with his girlfriend. Cheating is not a deal-breaker for me but not to worry, it doesn't happen here. Justin is in love with his girlfriend and in hate with Amelia. And he makes her life absolutely miserable. \n \"Even though I was too stunned to say anything, my heart was screaming. I knew deep down my reaction wasn't just because of my physical attraction to him. It was because despite all of the changes, one thing had stayed exactly the same. His eyes. They reflected the same hurt that I remembered from the very last time I saw him.\" \n Justin and Amelia have THE most delicious love-hate relationship throughout much of the story until the real reason for his deep-seated hostility comes out. It is heartbreaking, emotional and very sad, but he and Amelia make an uneasy truce to continue to share the home that her grandmother left to both of them equally when she passed away. \n \"Will you at least look at me when you're talking to me?\" He turned around and walked toward me slowly then leaned his face in. I could feel his words on my lips when he asked, \"Is this better? You'd rather me in your face like this?\" \n I could practically taste his breath. My entire body felt weak from the close contact, so I backed away. \n \"I didn't think so,\" he snarled. \n There is SO much to this story that can't be given away for fear of major spoilers! But once again, Ms. Ward has crafted a richly-woven, very intense story, with beautifully damaged characters who might not ever find their way back together again. \n Did I mention the heat factor is off the charts? Sexy, senstive musician anyone? \n \"Hurt me?\" He let out a slight angry laugh then shocked me with what he said next. \"It changed me. I loved you, Amelia. I was in love with you.\" Justin ran his fingers through his hair in frustration. \"How the fuck did you not know that?\" \n Ah, these two. Living together under one roof becomes almost unbearable. The this book takes a major turn in the second half of the book which only makes Justin and Amelia's story all the more bittersweet. And the Epilogue!! GAHHH!!! Loved. RoomHate is one of my favorite Penelope Ward books and I already miss these characters!! \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
-1 2.5 - 3 Stars \n As much I loved CRAZY GOOD, the debut book from this author, I am not quite sure what to make of this latest book. CRAZY GOOD was a sexy, refreshing, very readable story with an unforgettable Alpha and it was exciting to read a new author. Unfortunately, TIME AND SPACE did not work for me at all. There is a dramatic, totally unbelievable plot twist literally dropped into the story with zero explanation or set-up. Added to the large number of editing and grammar issues, I'm afraid this just wasn't for me. Perhaps some editing next time around will help. I will definitely give this author a try again but this whole book was just a giant puzzle to me.
1 My first thoughts upon completing this book, \"MY HEART. I CANNOT BELIEVE THIS SERIES IS OVER!! Another perfect heart-stopping story from Kristen Ashley.\" \n This series holds a very special place in my heart because KNIGHT was my very first Kristen Ashley book ever. I didn't quite fully understand the warning that came along with that book, because to me, KNIGHT was absolute perfection. After I then read almost every single book Ms. Ashley wrote, I realized that the Unfinished Heroes Series was a bit different from her other, mostly-nice, all swoony Alpha heroes. And I adore every single one of her \"unfinished\" heroes. \n SEBRING was like unwrapping a special gift. Olivia was a complex heroine, damaged and scarred both indies and out, having grown up into a crime family. She trusts no one, and for good reason. Her own family is treacherous, immoral and very dangerous. But yet she cannot escape the life that has been mapped out for her. She is an obedient daughter, following the rules until the night she meets Nick Sebring. Olivia is closed off to the world and has given up all hopes for a normal life. \n \"I'd learned that I didn't allow myself to show emotion. \n Ever\" \n I was always fascinated by Nick since he first appeared in KNIGHT. He has a fascinating back story here, investigating Olivia's family and targeting her in an effort to infiltrate the Shade family to take down her father. Nick's first love was caught up in their violent world and became victim of the Shade family's notorious brand of violence. \n SEBRING is not a pretty, hearts and flowers, sweet love story. Its is gritty, raw, violent, yet amongst all of that, Kristen Ashley's trademark goodness and beauty and love shines through. Nick Sebring himself does not think he can be redeemed but something about Olivia sings to him. They make the perfect couple, really. They both love a certain brand of kink and tom me, are PERFECTLY matched. \n There is plenty of heartbreak in this book. Olivia carries around secrets in her heart that would absolutely break another person. So it makes her coming together with Nick Sebring even more bittersweet and gorgeous. And Nick...well, I fell in love with him. Yes, the very same Nick Sebring from KNIGHT who caused so much trouble! SEBRING is everything I love about a Kristen Ashley book: family, incredibly hot sex scenes, fast-paced action, forgiveness and yes, love. I can't recommend this book highly enough. Happy reading! \n Favorite quote: \n \"I'm not bawling.\" \n \"You were close.\" \n \"You were being sweet.\" \n \"Like I said, get used to that.\" \n \"Then you were an ass.\" \n \"You should probably get used to that too.\" \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 Stars!! \n I love picking up a book, not having any expectations whatsoever, and then being totally swept away and entranced by the story!! That is what happened with THE BALLER. What I though would be a standard, predictable sports romance turned into a page-turner for me, with a sudden and very unexpected twist in the middle of the story! \n Delilah is a successful sports journalist (another I love about Vi Keeeland's books - her heroines are all smart, feisty women) who is assigned to interview superstar football player Brody Easton. She has had a bit of a dry spell lately which might just be coming to an end with the entry of Brody into her life. \n \"That man isn't into me. He wants in to me.\" \n \"Same thing.\" \n \"No. There's a major difference.\" \n Brody lays his cards out on the table pretty much from the beginning. From playing a locker room prank on Delilah, to pursuing her relentlessly, I absolutely loved watching their relationship develop. \n But Brody has a major secret he is hiding. Will it destroy Delilah's trust, once she finally lets herself open up to Brody? \n I read this book in almost one sitting, it was that enjoyable. I adore Brody, he is cocky yet funny, sexy yet very, very smart and intuitive and very much in tune with what women want. The story takes a surprising turn which I did NOT see coming and I literally could not tell where the author was going to take this story. The ending was very satisfying and I highly recommend THE BALLER!! You will love it. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 STARS!! \n What a beautiful and VERY different story!! Not at all what I expected! Full review to come soon.
1 Contains major spoilers so only read this after you have completed the Indebted Series!! The Epilogue is filled with TONS of goodies and yummy scenes. Very creative ending to one of my favorites series. Enjoy!
1 4.5 STARS!! \n \"Love is friendship set on fire. I get it now.\" \n AHHHHHH!!!! Smoking hot, sweet, SEXXXXY and emotional!! This book has it all!! Sarina Bowen and Elle Kennedy write some of the best new adult romance today and they hit it out of park again (or made a goal??) with US. I fell in love all over again with Jamie Canning and Ryan Wesley. If you are looking to try a MM story, I highly recommend this series. It is pure romance! \n Wes and Jamie are faced with the real-life pressures of a modern couple when Wes travels with his pro team and Jamie begins a job coaching. Added to the stress of their relationship is that fact that Wes is still hiding his relationship with Jamie. It pained me to suffer alongside both Wes and Jamie when they could not go public with their relationship. A sudden, devastating illness makes everything very clear to Wes and finally gives these two some of the normalcy that other couples enjoy. Leave it to these two authors to write an engaging, hot, funny and very sentimental story that shows the reader that love is for everyone. \n I also adored Blake, who was funny and a true friend. Hello, he deserves his own book!! US is a wonderfully romantic and incredibly sexy story about two people in love. This book will have you cheering, laughing, clutching your heart and fanning yourself. What more can you ask for? Kudos to Sarina Bowen and Elle Kennedy for another beautiful story in this series. \n Read an excerpt from US at www.thebookbellas.com \n (ARC provided by the authors in return for an honest review.)
1 I am officially obsessed with Alexa Riley's books!! The Mechanic was a delicious, smutty, sizzling hot story with some of THE dirtiest talkers around. These books are like palate-cleansers in between the main course. Highly recommended!!
1 The Shadow is a lush, passionate and complex story, filled with romance, art, history and suspense. I am not a huge fan of paranormal stories but I make an exception for Sylvain Reynard's books. I LOVE the Gabriel's Redemption series and Professor Gabriel Emerson makes an appearance here. What more could you ask for? \n William and Raven are reunited in this story but William is battling forces who are trying to sabotage him. He has finally found the love of his life and he wants nothing more than to worship Raven forever. \n \"I will never have your nobility of spirit, or your protective nature, but as long as I have your love, I can be content.\" \n William will stop at nothing to protect Raven from both other vampires and from those who scheme to drive them apart. There is lots of action and mystery, written in the style that is completely unique to Sylvain Reynard. This is a very sensual and passionate book, and even if you do not usually read paranormal romance, you will love this story. The streets of Florence seem to come alive! \n We also learn about William's early life and the tragic story of how he lost his first love. Raven is completely trusting of him and along with the intrigue, there is also a little humor here, too. \n \"You're giving me a toothache.\" \n He pulled back. \"How is that possible?\" \n She laughed. \"It's a figure of speech. It means you're being too sweet. Say something awful.\" \n William's expression changed and he brought his lips to her ear. \"I want to take you back to the house, so I can spread you on my bed and do all kinds of wicked things to you.\" \n I can't wait to see what happens next! The Shadow is a beautifully written book and my favorite in the Florentine Series so far. Lush, lyrical, passionate and very intense. The outtakes are absolutely fantastic. Don't miss it!! \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 3.5 Stars!! \n Swoony, sweetly romantic, SEXY and very, very readable standalone in the Manwhore series! LOVED Tahoe Roth. He's not such a bad boy, after all! Gina is a relatable, very real heroine. \n Add in an irresistible hero and perfectly romantic story, and this is a real-life fairytale come true. \n (Copy provided by the publisher for an honest review.)
1 \"Charli Moore I like you.I have since the first time I saw you.\" \n I am a hug fan of Aleatha Romig. Her Consequences series is an absolute favorite of mine and is one of those series that you can't stop talking about non-stop with anyone who'll listen to your ranting and raving about Tony Rawlings. \n I couldn't wait to read BETRAYAL, the first in a series of 5 full-length novels in the Infidelity series. Now, while cheating does not bother me in the least, for those of you who might shy away from such books, rest assured that's NOT what this book is about. At all. Alexandria has grown up very wealthy, and has tried to break free from her extremely dysfunctional family by attending college as far away as possible from her controlling family and wicked stepfather. \n After gradating from college, she yearns to \"cut loose\" and does just that during one week at a resort with her best friend. She meets a mysterious, sexy, uber-Alpha named Nox and they embark on a passionate and intense, no-strings-attached week. She uses the name Charli so that she can remain completely anonymous. But they will have just one week together, even though she clearly develops intense feelings for the stunning Nox. \n \"Our first time will be what you want, what you fantasize about. I'm going to take you, right here, right now.\" \n WOW!! Their scenes together are richly written and breathtaking and they have tons of chemistry. I absolutely loved the alternating timeframes which added to overall feeling of tension and foreboding. There is a completely surprising twist at the end, and if you have a few hours, then prepare to become completely captivated by the sexy Nox and smart, beautiful Alex. Her family drama back home in Savannah, Georgia was a little over-the-top for me but does serve to show how far she has come to break away from her controlling family. \n This book really brings the story together at the end and it definitely ends on a cliffhanger! I can't wait to see what happens next for Alex and Nox!!
1 4.5 STARS \n Crashed Out is exactly why I LOVE Tessa Bailey's books! It's lusty, funny and filled with lots of real emotion and heart. And an older woman/younger man theme? YES, PLEASE!! \n I SWOONED over Sarge. He left town years before as a shy, introverted teenager and has now returned to town a rock star. He has come back to visit his sister and her child and take a break from the pressures of band life. But even though he is now famous, he has never forgotten his older sister's best friend, Jasmine. He has been in love with her since he was young, but she never paid much attention to him. But now...well, let's just say things have changed a LOT since Jasmine last laid eyes on Sarge!! \n \"But television-size and life-size were two very different things, apparently, because Sarge had been remodeled from a one-story colonial into a big brick mansion.\" \n Jasmine resists Sarge's attention but he pursues her relentlessly (thank God). He is sexy...intense...sensitive...just totally irresistible. Much of the fun of reading a Tessa Bailey book is the trademark dirty talk and boy, does she deliver here. My word. Sarge is EVERYTHING!! And he writes music!! As for Jasmine, I absolutely adored the fact that she was quite a few years older than Sarge and was filled with insecurities. Why would Sarge be interested in her? After all, he could have anyone he wanted. But he has never forgotten the girl he left behind, and he is bound and determined to make her forget their age difference: \n \"No more fixing me sandwiches. No more ruffling my goddamn hair.\" He reached down and grasped her hand, bringing it to the back of his head, moving it in a messy circle. \"If I ever feel your fingers in my hair again, they'd better be pulling my face closer to whatever I'm licking.\" \n I also loved how Sarge encouraged Jasmine to pursue her dreams, and as with all of Ms. Bailey's stories, family plays an important role here. Crashed Out has turned out to be one of my favorite books by Tessa Bailey. I cannot wait for more stories in this series. I highly recommend Crashed Out if you love an uber-sexy, steamy story with plenty of heart!! \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 4 - 4.5 Stars \n I loved this book!! I am obsessed with Zaal Kostava. This is a really dark but VERY sexy and enjoyable story. Reap is filled with passion, emotion and heat. It is most definitely my favorite Tillie Cole book. The horribly scarred and damaged Zaal absolutely broke my heart. But his beauty and soul shine through when he finds kindness and yes, even love, after many tortuous twists and turns. Although this should read after Raze, it is a stunning story and I highly recommend both books. Talia is a fantastic heroine, strong, beautiful and compassionate. Loving Zaal might come with dire consequences, but she cannot be without him. \n \"You are my Zaal, the man whose soul has stolen mine.\" \n There are terribly violent and dark themes in this book but I loved it and could not put it down! \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 Thrilling Stars!! \n WOW!! Spellbinding, engrossing and sensual, Madame X is a richly detailed story that is filled with mystery and suspense. Very adult and incredibly sexy, this story completely took me by surprise and I can't recommend it highly enough! \n The blurb to this book is really just a small part of this story, and it is interesting that none of the main characters are mentioned by name in the synopsis. I had not read any reviews on this one going in so I am going to keep this short. If you are looking for a very adult, very sensual read, then Madame X is for you. I was on the edge of my seat for most of the book and I absolutely fell in love with the male protagonists (yes, plural) and cannot WAIT for the next book! \n \"Your sexuality belongs to me, X. No one else may even so much as fucking smell you, do you understand me? You. Are. Mine.\" \n There is a touch of BDSM in this book but I believe that more will be revealed on that front in the next story. There are themes of dominance and control here but I was thrown off guard several times by the direction that this story took. \n We are introduced to both Caleb and Logan in this story and while one might seem cruel, controlling and calculating, I do not believe that all is at seems and that Logan, who we meet later in the story, will also have many, many layers to him. I don't think there are any real villains or heroes in this book (I think?! I could be very wrong!) and that is the genius of this story. \n Sexy, explicit, fast-paced and very, very creative, Madame X thrilled me on many levels. I couldn't put it down! \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 4 - 4.5 Stars!! \n WARNING: POSSIBLE SPOILERS AHEAD! \n This book picks up from the end of Book 1, and explores Weston pursuing Mirella. Please note that this is the second book in a trilogy and most definitely ends with an incredible cliffhanger! I found this book to be incredibly gripping, dealing with a taboo subject in an erotic, almost romantic way. \n Ms. Roya's writing is charming and playful at times and almost addictive. I was absolutely fascinated by Weston and Gabe and was kept on the edge of my seat waiting for their marriages and their relationships to crash and burn. \n \"We didn't learn from our mistakes. We just made them all over again.\" \n I found myself thinking about these characters even when I wasn't reading, which to me, is the sign of a good book. Mirella and Weston go back to their arrangement but Mirella lays down the new rule: their relationship is to be only physical, with no emotional attachment. Weston falling in love with her is what got them into trouble the first time around. \n \"I shouldn't have let this all this get so out of control.\" \n This book is still told only from Mirella's POV but it delves more into describing Gabe and Weston's feelings. Bridget, however, is still very much a mystery. I would love to know more about her. In Book 2, the two couples try to have a \"normal\" relationship, which does require a suspended sense of reality, but I loved the way Ms. Roya explored the boundaries of their relationships. I kept waiting for the other shoe to drop here, either by Gabe ending the open marriage arrangement or by Weston falling in love with Mirella all over again. I was not disappointed! This is an incredibly addictive story, and I can't wait for the next book in this trilogy. I am dying to read more about Gabe and Weston, two very passionate, sexy characters who each deserve their own book! \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 Whoa!! This is definitely one of the dirtiest, most explicit little stories I've ever read!! And I competely and totally enjoyed every minute of this fast, filthy story. Read through to the end, there's a nice little twist. Alexa Riley's short stories are perfect for a fresh break between longer books. For fans of very adult, explicit erotica only!! \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 Passionate Stars!! \n MAJOR heartache. MAJOR passion. And a strong heroine with a painful past! I'm obsessed with Scarlett and Dante!! \n \"Love is War\" is a great description of this second chance, lovers-to-enemies story. BREAKING HIM was nothing that I expected. I need the second book yesterday! I must know more about Scarlett and Dante!! \n This story has very much of a Tristan-and-Danika feel to it. The chemistry between Scarlett and Dante is almost so real, you can feel it leap off the pages. Why is Scarlett so ANGRY about everything? At first, her prickly attitude kept me at a distance, but once I learned more about her character and her background, I absolutely fell in love with her and was rooting for her. And Dante, well he seems like the perfect guy at first and I just know that he will end up doing the right thing. He and Scarlett MUST be together! They are meant for each other!! Do you hear me, Author Lady?! \n The secondary characters are all fantastic, and are an integral part of the story. Ms. Lilley does a great job of describing the social hierarchy of small town life and how stifling it can be for those who do not \"fit in\". I literally read this book in one sitting and cannot wait for the continuation of Scarlett and Dante's story. Ms. Lilley has once again created an absolutely unforgettable couple whose passion and chemistry burned through every page. \n Favorite quote: \n \"I have tormented some sweet men. Broken hearts and shattered dreams. \n Men are punching bags, and I have a hell of a right hook.\" \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 Sexy, Gritty Stars!! \n Karina Halle never ceases to amaze with her writing! She can take a reader from swoony, sexy contemporary romance, to stories like Dirty Promises, a brutal, rough, gritty and violent story that is incredibly gripping, sexy and readable. \n Javier Bernal is a cruel man. Yet I still felt sympathy for him (it's true!) because if you have taken the journey with this character, you will know he is the product of his history and background. But make no mistake, this book is violent and is set in the world of drug cartels. If you are looking for a different read, with fantastic writing, then I highly recommend this series. \n Javier and Luisa have a marriage that is on the brink of falling apart. Their story here is an incredibly wild ride and is most definitely NOT for the faint of heart. But if you are willing to take a risk with your reading, then you will be immensely rewarded. I did not know what to expect with DIRTY PROMISES because I knew this would be a gritty story, maybe even more so than the other books in this series. Karina Halle really delivers the goods with this book and if you are a fan of dark, action-packed stories with a very damaged \"hero\", then please read this series. The books and the characters are unforgettable!! \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 Ridiculously Dirty!! \n A totally fun, filthy and escapist bit of reading!! I loved it!! Be warned that this story involves an innocently sexy 18 year old and her father's virile best friend, who also happens to be the football coach at her school - sounds really taboo but it all seems to work! You can literally read this book in about 2 hours. Jump on board the breeding train with Alexa Riley's COACH! You'll be glad you did!
1 4.5 - 5 Heart-Stopping Stars \n This book is why I read contemporary romance. The swoony hero, the beautiful, sweet heroine who is hiding a tragic secret, the explosive passion, but most of all, the deep and emotional connection I felt for Adam and Evie all added up to a perfect page-turner that kept me up all night. \n Adam!! My heart broke for him and for the love he lost with Evie. Adam and Evie (LOVE the names!) fell in love when they were just teenagers. Adam did not trust many people so when Evie suddenly disappeared, he became even more bitter than he was before. He spends years searching for her and when he finally finds her, his feelings are a mix of rage and heartbreak over their lost years. Evie refuses to tell him why she disappeared suddenly all those years before, so their reunion is bittersweet, filled with longing and regret, but also undeniable and explosive passion. \n WHEN I WAS YOURS is told through a series of flashbacks which put me through every single emotion possible. The story, set against the backdrop off Hollywood and the mega-rich, is more than just a classic rich boy meets poor girl love story. It's sexy, heartfelt, and heartbreaking all at once. The unexpected twist had my heart in my throat and had me silently cheering for our MC's to get their happily ever after. \n \"You cut your hair.\" \n \"It has been ten years.\" \n \"I know. I just...I remember a time when you said you'd never cut your hair.\" A small smile touches my lips at the memory. \n \"Yeah, and I remember when you promised to love me till death do us part. Shit changes.\" \n My smile drops from my face. My cheeks sting like he's just slapped me. \n I deserved that. Doesn't stop it from hurting like a bitch though. \n Samantha Towle is one of my favorite writers and she absolutely delivered the goods with this story. The characters and their sweet, sexy and passionate love story won't soon be forgotten. Ever since I saw this stunning cover, I knew I just had to read this book! I absolutely adored Adam and Evie's story! Don't miss it. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 3.5 Stars \n First book by this author, not what I expected! Lots of swoony romance plus lots of drama. Loved the strong heroine, she saved the day for me! Also loved the very hot sexy times. Full review to come shortly.
1 Very rough, action-packed, and super-sexy! Review to follow.
1 How do you describe the feeling that you get when you read a Kristen Ashley book? It is very hard to describe the emotions in simple words. Gut-wrenching? Heart-pounding? All of those happen to me and when a book is the end of a beloved series, well, let's just say that I was a sobbing mess while reading this Epilogue. \n I binge read The 'Burg Series several years ago while on a long vacation that involved a lot of driving. Needless to say, I volunteered to sit in the back seat while on most of this vacation so I could read this fantastic series! As with all of her books, each of Ms. Ashley's series are slightly different; in the 'Burg, the characters are all a little older, a lot jaded, fiercely protective, and above all, unforgettable. \n HOLD ON is a spectacular end to the series. Cher appeared earlier in the series, a hard-luck woman who struggles to keep her head above water and lives paycheck-to-paycheck to support herself and her beloved son. She never, ever believes that love will happen for her, and never, ever believes that she will find happiness with a man who will love and cherish her and her son. Cher broke my heart over and over, and I cried many times throughout this book at her sadness and despair. \n \"But he'd never give me what I wanted. \n I forgot. \n I forgot that I wasn't the kind of girl who got what she wanted. \n Not once. \n Not in my whole f*g life. \n Yeah, I'd forgotten that.\" \n Cher has a major case of unrequited love for Garrett (Merry), who in turn cannot forget the ex-wife who broke his heart. Sounds like a real downer of a book, right? But no! HOLD ON is a tale of mended hearts, beautiful possibilities and bright futures that everyone dreams about in their heart of hearts. There is no one who can infuse a story with magnificence and hope like Ms. Ashley. And HOLD ON is the perfect story of love and redemption, of fighting for what you want, and for holding on when you know you have goodness within your grasp. \n The ending of this book very much reminded me of the series finale of one of my favorite TV shows, Six Feet Under. Kristen Ashley is the Queen of epilogues and I will never, ever forget this one. I am so sad to say goodbye to the families of the 'Burg but I know that Ms. Ashley has even more goodness in store for her readers. I can't wait to see what she comes up with next. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 Adorably sexy and very funny! This book is another fresh, modern, sexy and hilarious story from R.S. Grey. \n The Allure of Dean Harper follows the story of Dean and Lily, the best friends of Julian and Jo from The Allure of Julian Lefray. Lily has just arrived in New York City and is opinionated, talented and very, very funny. She and Dean do not meet under the best of circumstances. Dean, a control freak and workaholic, arrives back from a business trip and his first meeting with his new bartender does not go well. The extremely talented Lily has been hired as a temporary bartender, and although she is incredible at her job, she immediately clashes with Dean and is actually fired right then and there. \n From there, this funny enemies-to-lovers takes off into a fast-paced, behind-the-scenes peek into the competitive world of the restaurant business. Lily and Dean clearly are attracted to each other but they both bring out the worst in each other. Lily is outspoken and knowledgeable and I loved that she wouldn't back down from her opinions. Dean is driven, stubborn and very difficult. Their banter is witty and this story is the kind of book that R.S. Grey writes best. The scenes where Lily tries to adapt to life in the city are priceless. \n This is a fast-paced, laugh-out-loud, classic enemies-to-lovers story. If you are looking for a modern, funny and light read, with a HEA, then you will love The Allure of Dean Harper! \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
-1 I love an erotic suspense and dark romance as much as the next person but this book just didn't quite do it for me. I literally felt dropped right into the middle of a story that had already begun, which was very disorienting. While many readers are raving about this book, for me there was no connection between the main characters and many of their actions felt mechanical, and the story, formulaic. I still would love to read the other books by this author, because their story lines sound very intriguing. Giving credit here for a very strong, kick-ass heroine, and a surprising ending. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 3.5 - 4 Stars!! \n Fans of strong Alpha heroes and military romance will like this one. There is lots and lots of swoony romance and a very dramatic plotline. If you want to lose yourself in a romantic story then this is the book is for you.
1 THREE LITTLE MISTAKES is an absolutely perfect erotic romance. It is pure escapism, pure lust and just plain hot. Have a cold shower ready, ladies, you will need one after reading this one. \n Although this is the third book in a series, it is a complete standalone. The author does an amazing job of giving just the right amount of background on the Blindfold Club and on the characters in this book. The story is fantastic and the sex scenes...well, they are absolutely scorching. There is a threesome (almost a foursome, kind of a two + two-some) that rivals anything I've ever read. And I do love a good menage scene or three! \n Em is the classic \"good girl\": she's smart, follows the rules but is wealthy in her own right. Joseph is the owner of the \"Blindfold Club\", an elite place where the woman have sex with their clients while blindfolded. High-end prostitutes but Em doesn't know this side of Joseph's business. She just thinks he is a wealthy club owner who has a very, very kinky side, and she wants to be very, very bad. \n \"Being wrong and bad was just as I'd hoped it would be. It was so, so good.\" \n Joseph is a Dom and is several years older than Em. He is insanely attracted to her innocence and youth and they begin an affair where he will teach her how to be a submissive. Em is completely different from the other women Joseph has been with and he quickly becomes addicted to her, despite there being a million reasons why they shouldn't be together. \n Now this might seem like a tired old trope, wealthy, older, worldly guy pursues a young, inexperienced girl, but this book is SO much more!! I was addicted from the the first page. This book has humor, witty dialogue, a great story and THE most amazing, prolonged sex scenes EVER. \n Of course things grow complicated and there are many secrets between these two. Em might be a threat to Joseph's business, so will he be willing to give that up? They both push each other's boundaries and the conclusion was perfect. This book is a very explicit, very adult story that kept me riveted from beginning to end. It is a page-turner all the way! I loved it and can't wait to read the other books in this series! \n Favorite Quote: \n \"Do I need to give you and my tattoo a moment alone?\" She grinned. \"Could you? That's be great.\" \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4 - 4.5 Stars!! \n Two words: Knox Masters! I really enjoyed this book, Jen Frederick is one of my favorite New Adult writers. Sexy and very engaging, Sacked is a fast-paced, refreshingly funny story. \n Jen Frederick's writing is like a breath of fresh air. This story is refreshing and verrra sexy while also sweet and funny at the same time. I LOVED it! Knox Masters is a college football superstar and Ellie is a transfer student who just might be his perfect match. She's smart, athletic, understands the game of football...but wait, she's hiding a secret that could jeopardize both their futures. And well, Knox is a virgin so there's that, too. \n I often find that New Adult books don't hold enough romance or sexy times for me but SACKED has all of that PLUS MORE. It's a steamy, well-written story and it provides very knowing glimpses into the world of American college football. Plus I absolutely LOVED the witty back-and-forth between Knox and Ellie! And the fact that Knox is a virgin, well, I am usually a Doubting Thomas but this storyline just works. When he and Ellie finally get together, the slow-burn build up is totally worth it and the scenes between these two are off the charts hot!! \n SACKED is a sexy, light, fast-paced read, and it is not just for fans of sports romance. There's plenty of humor and a little bit of drama and it all adds up to a terrific read. Knox Masters could not possibly be any hotter and I'm really looking forward to more books about the supporting characters. I loved SACKED and highly recommend it!! \n (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
1 \"Tell me what happened nine years ago, when you left to go back home and forget all about Barcelona. And me.\" \n SIGH! A smart, modern, contemporary romance that was pure pleasure from beginning to end! Avery is newly arrived in Rome, reeling from a disastrous marriage where she's actually felt stifled and trapped for some time. Avery reconnects in Rome with an old friend AND with an old flame. Her boyfriend from a summer abroad in Europe is also in Rome. Marcelo has never forgotten Avery, and and has always wondered why she left Europe that summer so suddenly so many years before. \n Avery has always played by others' rules: she married because it was the right thing to do, led a certain life because it was emptied of her, but here in Rome, with her friend Daisy, she is really free for the first time in her life to be her own woman. And Marcello still finds her beautiful and sexy and talented and they begin a gorgeous romance set against the stunning beauty of Italy. \n \"For the first time in a very long time, I felt treasured.\" \n Fans of second-chance romance will devour this love story and revel in the stunning European settings! And who could resist falling in love against the incredibly exciting backdrop of Rome? This book is pure magic. There is just the right amount of drama and I adored the intelligent and supportive secondary characters. Kudos to Nina Bocci for a fabulous debut book! And remember, it is never too late to start something new or make a chance in your life. Just go for it! \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 Stars!! \n I LOVED this book! It's got Sarina Bowen's trademark humor, hot sex, an irresistible hero and a smart, funny, and slightly insecure heroine. And she's a gamer! Plus there's a serious, very timely message underneath the fantastic romance. This story is fresh, modern and very relevant. You absolutely cannot go wrong with Sarina Bowen's books!! \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4 - 4.5 Enchanting Stars!! \n Well, I certainly love going into a book not knowing what to exepct. And Grayson's Vow took me by surprise. This is not a \"typical\" Mia Sheridan story but it is magical, enchanting and irresistible nonetheless. Two very strong, sexy and damaged lead characters make this a very memorable story. \n The story begins in a very gripping way: Kira is desperate, almost homeless, and immediately propositions Grayson Hawthorn with an almost-insane scheme: she must marry in order to gain access to an inheritance from her grandmother. Grayson, too, his desperate: he is about to lose his precious winery, and has reached a dead end due to his prison record. \n Grayson is sexy, handsome, yet aloof and emotionally closed off. He has been hurt by those he trusted and loved. Kira is also emotionally damaged, but yet she still remains warm and engaging and filled with hope. She is young and impulsive but truly believes marrying Grayson is her only hope. \n I fell in love with Grayson. He is cruel to most people but when you learn about his past, well, your heart will break for him. And Kira was betrayed by those she trusted most, which could have left her cruel and emotionally cut-off but she still retains the capacity to love. \n \"In Vino Veritas. In wine there is truth. In love there is truth.\" \n Grayson's Vow is set in and around Napa, California, one of my most favorite places in the world!! I absolutely loved the scenery and the setting. There is also an engaging cast of supporting characters in this book which I loved. There is an air of magic to this book, which adds a bit of whimsy and lightens the emotional heaviness of the plot. There is PLENTY of steam and Grayson is just YUMMY. Who doesn't love a bad boy with a heart of gold? \n This book is very different from Ms. Sheridan's other books, and gets into some overly-dramatic scenes near the end of the story. I still found this to be a beautiful story about the power of love and acceptance and honesty. And the EPILOGUE...OMG!! A 10+ which had be sobbing happy tears for Grayson and Kira. \n (ARC provided by the author with thanks.)
-1 Well, hmmmm. Although lots of readers raved about this story, it just didn't work for me on many levels. I can live with instalove and instalust, but the main characters got together way too early in the story for me to feel any connection between them whatsoever. The storyline is clever and could have made a good book, but there was just too much thrown in to create any real depth to the characters or to the situations. There is a major plot twist at the end that is just completely and utterly unbelievable. I give the author credit for some interesting ideas, but this book is in need of a good editor. Also there is a wrong word that is used during a crucial scene that hopefully was fixed in the final version. I'll give the author the benefit of the doubt and assume that is was because if not, it completely changed the tone of the scene. ( Usually I purchase the finished book but I didn't in this case.) So take a look at all the positive reviews, and give is one a try if you think it's for you!
1 \"We didn't always want what was right. We wanted what we couldn't have.\" \n God this book tore me up!!! Gutted me. Enthralled me. Made me feel anxious, sad, elated...all at once. Thank you, Tarryn Fisher, for this magnificent roller-coaster ride of a book. I won't ever forget it. \n At once magical and painfully realistic, F*CK LOVE is like nothing you've read before. It has some similarities to one of all-time favorite series, The Love Me With Lies books, but it is different, unique and wonderfully, beautifully hopeful and cynical at the same time. Can that be? Tarry Fisher pulls it off with one of the most surprising books I've ever had the pleasure of reading. \n The story begins with a completely disorienting scene that sets the tone for the rest of the book. \n Kit hit me out of nowhere. I had a dream that made me take a closer look at a guy I was otherwise ignoring. And from that dream I discovered a connection. I don't even think about the dream anymore. For the last eight weeks I've been living it. \n Yes, the main character Helena has a dream, in which she is living a life completely different from her current path. What will she do with it? Will her dream become her reality? In true Tarryn Fisher form, the author has created a kind, beautiful, smart and very quirky girl, who aches for what she cannot have. \n \"We have something, Helena. In another life, it would have been a beautiful something.\" That hurts. God, does it. I've seen that life. He doesn't even know what he's talking about. In his mind, I'm just some possibility that could have been, but in my mind, he's the only possibility. \n F*ck Love is a wildly unpredictable book that is poignant and uplifting, funny and tragic, and will take you on a roller-coaster ride of emotions. I can't help but wonder how much of this story (if any) is based on real-life events. And yes, I imagine Tarryn Fisher herself as Helena. To me, it is a perfect fit! Don't miss F*ck Love, it is absolutely one of my favorite books of 2016. \n Favorite Quote: \n Be gentle with yourself. Embrace the lows so that you can more effectively enjoy the highs. Love the fight. Love it so much, and let it save you when your emotional muscles have become soft. \n ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.
1 Butterfly Dreams is the first book I have read by A. Meredith Walters. I know she is a favorite of many readers, so I was thrilled to have the chance to read this book. I adored this story! It is a witty, fast-paced and yes, very emotional story about coming to terms with your life and facing your own mortality. \n The author has created two very lively and memorable characters in Corin and Beckett. Corin is obsessed with her physical health, convinced that she has a multitude of undiagnosed ailments. She does suffer from panic attacks, but she is sure she is going to die at any minute from a heart attack. \n She finds her way to a support group for heart patients where she meets Beckett, who has actually suffered a nbear-fatal heart attack and has had his regular day-to-day activities sharply curtailed. He is in the prime of his life but because of his brush with death, now sees everything differently. \n Corin is morbid and morose while Beckett is warm and funny and outgoing. She looks back on her life while he looks forward: \n \"Stop thinking about your life in increments. Seconds. Minutes. Days. Look at the bigger picture and embrace whatever time you have. Don't look constantly toward the end. Enjoy the right now.\" \n This story is very funny and balances the serious subjects perfectly with witty banter and sexy times between the two main characters. I really enjoyed this story and recommend it for all fans of New Adult romance. While the conclusion is a bit predictable, the wit, sarcasm and solid writing make Butterfly Dreams a very enjoyable read. \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 Stars \n Classic enemies-to-lovers romance, one that I couldn't put down once I started reading! Hollywood-superstar-meets-ordinary-girl is one of my favorite themes, and Alessandra Torre serves it up with plenty of sexiness, warmth and down-home Southern style. This is a book that could have gotten bogged down in cliches but in the hands of Alessandra Torre, it is a smart, funny, and very insightful peek into the donwside of Hollywood superstardom. I absolutely loved the realistic yet loving portrait of small-town Southern life as painted by Ms. Torre. Although the author is quick to state that this is a contemporary romance and is not like her other books, there is PLENTY of steam and sexy times in this book!! Cole is just irresistibile. And the banter between the hero and heroine is priceless. And no one writes a smart and sassy heroine quite like Alessandra Torre. The only quarrel I had with this story is the portrayal of the legal proceedings involving Brad DeLuca. Meh. Other than that, I loved Hollywood Dirt and found myself with a book hangover after leaving the fictional town of Quincy GA. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 \"I wished I could see myself through his eyes. Then again, Damian never looked at me with his eyes. He looked at me with his soul.\" \n Totally unexpected story by the incredible Leylah Attar! Dark and emotional but ultimately passionate and hopeful. A must-read. I couldn't put it down and read it almost in one sitting. \n After I read 53 LETTERS FOR MY LOVER, I fell in love with Leylah Attar's writing. It is rich, mature, and lush. I couldn't wait until her newest book and was completely intrigued by the synopsis for THE PAPER SWAN. Not much of the plot is given away, for good reason. There is not much I can add to the stellar reviews for this book, other than to say that Ms. Attar has a unique voice and an incredible gift with words. Nothing prepared me for the emotions that I felt while reading The Paper Swan. The characters, the plot, the epilogue - all perfect, unique and gloriously realized. \n I like a good dark read as much as I love a sexy contemporary romance and this book actually blends these two genres together. My attention has been wandering as of late and I have struggled to finish a lot of the books I have been reading. However, I read The Paper Swan from cover to cover (do Kindles even have \"covers\"?) and basically ignored real life until I finished this magnificent story. I don't know how to describe this story other than to say everyone has some redeeming quality, no matter how evil they act, and those whom you think are above criticism might have skeletons in their closet and may not be what they seem. \n The story is filled with tons of suprising twists, along with a stunning story of survival, redemption and forgiveness Nothing can prepare you for this story or for the depth of emotion you will feel. The dialogue is witty and intelligent and the heroine is smart and loving and very capable. \n Without giving too much away, this is a story about love, passion, family, hate, revenge and survival. And devotion. \n \"We are stars with flaws that still sparkle and shine. We always strive, always want, always have more questions than answers, but there are moments like these, full of magic and contentment, when souls get a glimpse of the divine and quite simply, lose their breath.\" \n The Paper Swan is one of the most unique books I've ever read. Based on the synopsis, I went into thinking I was getting one thing, but was surprised with what this book was actually about. There is much more I want to say about this book, but it's hard to without giving anything away. This is just one of those books that it's better to go into blind. The fact that you don't know what to expect makes The Paper Swan even better. \n I will say that The Paper Swan is an incredibly written book with tons of plot twists and smart characters, The story spans a good amount of time and that adds a richness to the relationship between the two main protagonists. \n This book is captivating, intense, sexy and funny all in one book. I am still thinking about The Paper Swan weeks after I finished. Simply put, The Paper Swan was absolutely amazing. I can't recommend it highly enough. 5 fantastic stars!!! \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 Explosive Stars!! \n OMG this book!!! A dirty-talking baseball star who quotes Shakespeare? YES, PLEASE! \n \"I can't decide how to f* you, he says. \"I want to take you in every position. I want to f* you like an animal and a saint. I want to keep you on the brink for an hour and take four orgasms from you. I can't do it all tonight. I'm kind of pissed about that.\" \n Hardball is sexy, heartfelt, exciting, funny, steamy and addictive. I LOVED Dash Wallace! He is seemingly perfect, gorgeous, a gifted athlete, but he is actually filled with compulsions and must adhere to a strict routine at all times. His baseball career and his sanity depend on it. I fell totally in love with this damaged man. \n The Synopsis to this book doesn't really show the depth of emotion in this book. There is so much more than just the sizzling romance between Dash and Vivian. There is the amazingly detailed descriptions of the game of baseball. There are the wonderful supporting characters, including Vivian's elderly father. There is the constant battle within Dash's head over his ADHD and the obsessive way he deals with routine and his superstitions. \n Vivian has only had one boyfriend in her life so Dash hits her like a freight train. OMG, their scenes together are on FIRE!!! CD Reiss writes some of the best erotic romance around. And set against the backdrop of Los Angeles and baseball, well, Hardball is just perfection. \n I LOVED the imperfection of these characters. Vivian and Dash are both insecure in their own way. Vivian doesn't think she's good enough or sexy enough for a glamorous baseball player like Dash. He is battling with his own internal demons. These characters captured my heart. And kudos to CD Reiss for the fabulously detailed descriptions of the game of baseball. \n I am a huge fan of CD Reiss but even if you've never read one of her books, give Hardball a try. It is glorious. \n ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.
1 4.5 STARS!! \n Ethan Dexter is SMOKING HOT and sweet as sugar - my favorite combination!! \n \"Just say the word and you can have me, Fiona.\" \n AS you can read from the synopsis, Ethan \"Dex\" Dexter is a pro football player who also happens to be a virgin. The author did an fabulous job with this part of the story (it is a romance, after all) and I totally believed the sweet-hot feelings that Dex and Fiona had for each other. First and foremost, this is a love story with fantastic steamy sex scenes and perfectly witty and funny banter between the characters. \n Dex and Fi met years earlier and he has never forgotten her. She is a smart and feisty woman who is not so sure she wants to jump into a relationship with a professional football player who also happens to live in an other city. I loved how Dex practically wore his heart on his sleeve, which to me, made him all the more irresisitbile. Ms. Callihan writes loving, sexy men, and Dex is no exception. And the beard, tattoos and, ahem, piercings only added to his allure. \n \"I want you badly enough to put all my cards on the table, show who I really am. So I guess it's your play now.\" \n I read this book almost non-stop and adored each and every character! Dex and Fi went through some difficult times and not all was sunshine and roses for them. The Game Plan is perfect for when you want a very sexy but light and fast-paced sports romance that will make you laugh out loud and TOTALLY swoon over the story's hero. I also loved how the author portrayed the trials and tribulations of living life in the public eye, and how Dex and Fi dealt with the very public intrusion into their private lives. \n Kristen Callihan has quickly become one of my favorite writers. Enjoy sexy Dex!! \n Favorite Quote: \n \"I've been waiting two years for you to see me.\" \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 STARS!! \n \"Freedom is so close I can taste its bitterness on the tip of my tongue.: \n What a stunning story!! I adored this tortured tale of Low and Poesy, two star-crossed lovers who spend much of the book on the run from the authorities after a string of bank robberies. It is a tribute to the talent of Mary Elizabeth that you actually feel tremendous sympathy for Low, the poor boy from the wrong side of the tracks whose life seems doomed from the first page. \n Low has the misfortune to have a criminal for a father and to be dirt-poor. A petty crime lands him in prison with hardened criminals who teach him how to rob banks. When he is released, he tries desperately to live on the right side of the law. But poverty, hunger and sheer desperation drive him to a string of crimes, with the loyal Poesy right by his side. She is absolutely devoted to him. \n \"I'm here,\" she chose in a for-sure tone. \"We did this together, and anything we do together is right, Low.\" \n I spent most of this book on the edge of my seat, in a constant state of anxiety for the handsome, sad Low and his beautiful Poesy. He is desperate to live a simple, normal life. Low is not at all greedy, but he just wants to be able to eat, help Poesy with school and help his own family. They seem doomed from the start but they overcome so many obstacles that I was cheering for them throughout the book. \n LOW is a fast-paced, very gritty story that is incredibly addictive. This was my first book by Mary Elizabeth and I am in love with her writing style!! I loved LOW and I hope for more about these two unforgettable characters. \n Favorite quote: \n \"I can't be anywhere else other than with you, Lowen,\" she says softly. \"No matter what happens, we have to stay together.\" \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 - 5 DARK STARS!! \n Freedom. \n I had it. \n But then, I lost it. \n This is Pepper Winters are her VERY darkest, very close in tone to the fantastic Monsters in the Dark Series but even darker!! Be warned that the first half of this book is quite grim, and follows the imprisonment of young Tasmin (now called Pim) at the hands of a sadistic monster. There is scene after scene of graphic physical abuse (along with sexual abuse.) The Indebted Series (one of my favorite series ever) might not even be as dark as Pennies. As much as I absolutely adore Q and Jethro, I have high hopes for the mysterious and ruthless Elder Prest!! But don't be fooled, he is as black-hearted as they come and explicitly warns Pim that he is no hero. \n I wasn't a nice man. \n I was a tormentor. A killer. A thief. \n And I wanted to steal her courage drop by fucking drop. \n After all this darkness in Pennies, I just KNOW that Pepper Winters will craft an unforgettable romance between Prest and Pim, as only she can do. After all, a very wise author told me that you \"gotta start dark to enjoy the light.\" \n The writing is excellent as always, very suspenseful and very descriptive and yet never revealing too much about Prest or about the future storyline. The ending left me hopeful and wanting more. I can't wait to finish this dark journey with Prest and Pim! \n (With thanks to the author for a review copy.)
1 4 - 4.5 Swoony, Second-Chance Stars! \n Funny, refreshing and very sexy, Cocky Bastard was a pleasant surprise! I loved it! I'm obsessed with Chance. The story very fast-paced and engaging and the dialogue witty and filled with double entendres. \n \"... If I change your tire, you let me ride with you.\" \n \"Ride with me?\" \n \"Ride me, yes.\" \n \"What did you just say?\" \n \"You're hearing things.\" \n I loved how Chance showed Aubrey how to loosen up and live in the moment. And I absolutely loved Aubrey's character, she's smart, and has amazing chemistry with Chance. \n This story is very sexy but has lots of warmth and heart. I really enjoyed it! And I'll never look at Pixy Stix or bobbleheads the same way again. If you are looking for a great road trip story with a helluva hot Aussie, you'll love Cocky Bastard!
1 Loved the newest book from one of my favorite authors! This book has it all: world-famous rock stars, SMOKING hot sex, and a very engaging storyline. And we get to visit with some of our favorite Sinners. \n I have devoured all of Ms. Cunning's previous books, I mean, who doesn't love the mega-hot rockers of the Sinners on Tour series? Those were among the first books I read when I started reading romance. And the new Exodus End book doesn't disappoint in the steam department, this book has everything and more in the sexytimes department. \n Ms. Cunning once again writes an immensely readable and incredibly HAWT story, this time involving the virginal and very sweet Toni who is hired to write an interactive biography of the band. Something about her attracts Logan, the sexy, Mr. Hot Rocker, who actually finds her innocence an incredible turn-on! Their scenes together are, um, breathtaking and will leave you with a new respect for there writing talents of Olivia Cunning. \n There is a very sweet story involving Toni's family life, she is leaving behind her special needs sister to go on tour with Exodus End. Her mother is the owner of publishing company that Toni works for andI loved the tension between her mother and Toni over the company. There is lots of drama involving a co-worker who does't have Toni's best interests at heart. \n Our favorite Sinners all make appearances here and it was great meeting up with them again, \n But the heart of this story is the wonderful sexual awakening of Toni and the hands of Logan, I mean, Olivia Cunning can write a sex scene like no other! Toni is very endearing and not your typical flashy, sexy groupie that Logan would normally go for. Their scenes together also have a lot of heart to them. I adored this first book in the Exodus End series and I can't wait to read about the other band members! I hope there will be more! \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 WOW. Kristen Ashley does it again with Logan and Millie's story. Just when I think I can't love this author any more, she takes my breath away with yet another absolutely magnificent book. DO NOT MISS THIS ONE!! \n I am a HUGE fan of second-chance romance and Walk Through Fire might be one of my all-time favorites in this genre. Everything I love about Ms. Ashley's writing is here: an older couple, a smart but damaged woman, an Alpha male and lots and lots of ridiculously hot sex. I could go on and on about the gorgeous moments in this book but really, you should just read it and experience the emotions for yourself. I got the same feelings in this book as I did in Soaring, and while it takes a lot for me to cry while reading a book, I cried plenty while reading Millie and Logan's story. \n You learn right off the bat that Logan was Millie's first true love and that things ended suddenly between them years earlier. Jump forward and Millie runs into Logan and just the sound of his voice stuns her and she feels compelled to explain to him what happened decades before. He has been married and had children but Millie has spent the years alone, although successful in her business and very close to her own family. Logan, who hasn't seemed to have gotten over Millie walking away from him, is still bitter and is very, very cruel to Millie when she tries to explain her behavior to him: \n \"I'm done not because I'm done but because there's nothing left of me to burn. You have it all! You've always had it all! I gave up everything so you could have it all! Please! God! Leave me to my nothing!\" \n I don't want to spoil the story but you will probably guess Millie's reasons for suddenly breaking up with Logan pretty early on in the story. As bitter as Logan is towards Millie, you know that eventually these two will have their HEA but their path there is both beautiful and very bittersweet at the same time. \n There is a mature aspect to this story which drew me in from the first page. These aren't kids or twenty-somethings, these characters are all adults, with their own kids, careers, families, and relationships to deal with. i absolutely loved how Logan's ex-wife was portrayed in this book and how Millie interacted with her. Oh, and did I mention the sex in this book is completely hot?? Because of course, you know that it is!! I don't often re-read books but I have already re-read parts of Walk Through Fire while I wait (not so) patiently for the next book from Ms. Ashley. \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
-1 3.5 Stars!! \n Lauren Dane writes an super-sexy story, with a couple who have some piercings in very, um, key places! \n Ms. Dane has written some of my favorite and sexiest contemporary romance novels (The Brown Family series is a favorite and highly recommended - they are totally addictive.) Opening Up is the first in her new Ink and Chrome series. The plot is light, steamy, funny, fast-paced and pretty much angst-free. \n I couldn't wait to dive into this book and I read it one sitting. PJ is a young, strong-willed woman who breaks free from her overbearing family and ventures out on her own in the world off body shop painting. She meets Asa, who is older, totally domineering and sex-on-a-stick. He accepts her for who she is and their sex is, to put it mildly, off the charts. Think multiple piercings, sexy tattoos and passionate car sex! \n \"You're defiling her in your head right now, aren't you?\" \n Hell yes. \n There is nothing too dramatic or earth shattering in this book. I loved the chemistry between PJ and Asa and you will need a fan for their scenes together. OPENING UP is the perfect summertime read to take to the pool or beach, and the secondary characters are just as enjoyable! (I cannot wait for Duke, Asa's friend, to get his story in FALLING UNDER, coming out in August. Hello! Can you say huge, tattooed and sexy?) All in all, OPENING UP is a passionate, funny, dirty and light summer read with a HEA. Enjoy! \n \"Wait. I want to see you put the condom on over the piercing. I should know this. For future reference.\" \n I received an ARC of this book from the publisher via NetGalley in exchange for an honest review.
1 Sweet and unexpectedly romantic and SEXY!! I love a story with a single mom and The Offer has that plus much more. I loved all the characters in this book, plus Steph and Lident make appearances as well. However, you do not need to have read The Pact to enjoy this story. Nicola is living on the edge, trying to make a home for her daughter Ava but struggling to make ends meet since Ava's dad is absent. Along comes Bram, who seems to be quite the sexy player, confident and bold. \n But Bram isn't what he seems, there's more than meets the eye here, and after some amazing chemsitry and hot sex, Nicole finds herself falling for Bram. There is no Insta-love here, Nicola and Bram's banter is great and she does not instantly fall for his moves. \n I loved Ava, and Ms. Halle writes the scenes with her with great compassion and understanding. Ava is adorable. But sexy-talking Bram is the star here, and I really liked how he had many different sides to his personality. This is a classic contemporary romance, with modern characters, genuine dialogue and very realistic situations. \n There is a wonderful Epilogue plus a suprising twist which was all very satisfying. The Offer is a great summer read, full of sexy times, great banter and very sympathetic characters. \n (ARC kindly provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 PRIEST is a wonderfully dirty, very adult and immensely readable book from Sierra Simone. EVERYTHING about this story worked for me, from the mostly male POV, to the smoking hot sex scenes and the very sympathetic characters. \n No surprises in the storyline: Father Tyler Bell is tempted by the smart and beautiful Poppy Danforth and they begin a torrid affair that sorely tests his faith and his commitment to the priesthood. I immediately connected with both of these characters and sympathized with Tyler's deep yearning and longing for Poppy: \n \"I was supposed to be a shepherd of the flock, not the wolf. \n Not the wolf who had woken up this morning grinding his hips into the mattress because he'd had a very intense dream with Poppy and her carnal sins in a starring role. Guilt wormed through me at the memory.\" \n Poor Father Bell! Everything he worked so hard for was in jeopardy. I absolutely loved his internal dialogue and the backstory that led him to join the priesthood. If anyone was ever NOT cut out to take a vow of celibacy, it was certainly Tyler Bell, but he really loves his parish and congregants. I also thought the black humor worked really well here, as a counterbalance to the fairly serious themes of the book: \n \"I could do this. There was life after fucking up, after all, even for those who lived without fucking.\" \n Both Tyler and Poppy realize quickly that they not only can they not keep their hands off each other, but they both have very deep feelings for each other. Tyler truly cared about Poppy, and he was risking everything for her. Their scenes together are just...irresistible! \n \"Was I only telling myself I cared about her spiritual development, so that I could be near her? No, I decided. That for sure wasn't true. It was just that the actual truth was so much worse. I cared about her as a person, as a soul, and I wanted to fuck her, and that was the recipe for something much worse than carnal sin. It was a recipe for falling in love.\" \n PRIEST is an incredibly enjoyable, sexy, and yes, sometimes even funny story. I plan to read the author's other books because I loved this one so much. PRIEST is simply outstanding! \n Favorite quotes: \n \"Pursue righteousness, the author of Timothy said. But did righteousness carry a bottle of Macallan 12 in her hand? Because Poppy did.\" \n \"Be good be good be good, I told myself as I approached her. Don't jump her bones. Don't fantasize about fucking her tits. Be a good priest.\" \n (Reviewed from an ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
1 Skye Warren is one of my go-to dark romance authors. Each of her stories is richly detailed, deeply felt and intensely sexy. Better When It Hurts is no exception. Although I have not read Love the Way You Lie, I was able to jump right in to Blue and Lola's story here. Both are very damaged characters who had to learn how to survive on their own from a young age. \n These two have a long past together which is why Blue insists on acting as security on the nights she dances at the club where they both work. Lola tries to put on a tough exterior but her toughness is just an act that is in part driven by guilt over what happened between the two of them when they were foster kids. This is a gritty story but as with all Skye Warren books, the sex scenes are totally hot and very, very intense. \n Lola is not always the most likable character but she is very real and just trying to do what she has to in order to survive. Blue is totally Alpha, sexy, domineering and despite the hard exterior, is a guy with a heart. These two have incredible chemistry. If you like grittier stories with lots of erotic scenes and the right touch of romance, then Better When It Hurts is for you! Another great story from Skye Warren. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 SMOKING Hot Stars!! \n HIM is a totally sexy story mixed with the perfect amount of sweet, passionate romance. Wes and Jamie are absolutely delicious together. Sarina Bowen and Elle Kennedy have become two of my favorite authors!! \n I read a fair amount of M/M romance books, so I approached HIM with a wary eye. Would it have enough steam for me? Would the two heroes only dance around their attraction for each other, but never really get down to business? Would the dialogue be witty enough to hold my pathetically short attention span? \n The answer to all these questions is a resounding YES!! \n Because I adored Elle Kennedy's Off Campus series and loved Sarina Bowen's The Shameless Hour, I was thrilled to be able to read their collaboration together. And once I started reading HIM, I literally could NOT put this book down! Jamie Canning and Ryan 'Wes' Wesley were perfectly real characters to me and the writing style so seamless, that I could not tell which author wrote which chapter, scene or verse. Even if you're new to the M/M genre, I highly recommend this book for the witty banter, sexy times and catchy plot. Two hot hockey players? Yes please!! \n Jamie and Wes were childhood friends who lost touch after a youthful incident that caused an unfortunate miscommunication. Lo and behold, they run into each other years later and both realize that they have been the \"missing link\" in each other's lives. But does Jamie just want to be friends with Wes? Set among the world of college hockey, HIM delivers the perfect amount of hot, dirty, sweet emotion as both Wes and Jamie learn to come to terms with their true feelings. Wes has always loved Jamie and finds it difficult to keep their relationship platonic. \n \"As I watch Jamie Canning stop another dizzying slap shot. As I admire the grace and deadly precision with which he moves. \n My weakness is him.\" \n I absolutely LOVED how the authors wrote a seamless story that perfectly illustrated the difficulties that gay sports players must face. Wes and Jamie were perfectly suited for each other, even if Jamie at first was reluctant to admit his true feelings for Wes. And Wes, on the other hand, is a total commitment-phone, never allowing anyone to get too close, and hopping from meaningless encounter to another. \n \"The fact that he'd been the first guy I ever loved and the one who made me face some terrifying things about myself...well, all that will go unsaid.\" \n HIM is a feel-good sports romance that happens to feature two fabulously sexy male protagonists. It is perfect for die-hard readers of M/M romance as well as for readers who are new to the genre. I adored this book and hope that Sarina Bowen and Elle Kennedy collaborate on many more books in the future! \n (I received an ARC in return for an honest review.)
1 SMOKING hot, funny and surprisingly endearing! Elle Kennedy writes the wittiest banter around. I really loved this story and Dean is absolutely irresistible! \n The Score follows two characters from Elle's earlier books. Allie is a drama major and Dean is studying law. Allie may be my favorite Elle Kennedy heroine so far! She is smart, funny, and yes, emotional. At first I thought she was a little weak, coming off of her break-up with her boyfriend, but this girl knows what she wants and isn't afraid to go after it! \n And DEAN...well, lets just say he started off with a bang for me, literally, plus I am one of those readers who loves a cocky guy! Dean comes from a wealthy family and he has certain expectations placed on him...what courses he'll study, what profession he'll go into...his whole life is mapped out for him. But he is HILARIOUS (hello, Twilight reference?) and on top of his sexiness, he is a sweet, caring guy. When he started coaching the kids' hockey team... well, let's just say I was a goner at that point. Oh, and did I mention Dean is a dirty-talker? YES, PLEASE! \n \"I though you said you didn't want to salsa dance. And Dean De Laurentis only does what he wants, remember?\" \n He shrugs. \"I am doing what I want.\" \n My eyebrows knit together as I wait for him to clarify. \n \"I'm making you happy.\" \n Allie and Dean seem mismatched but guess what, they fit together perfectly! What's starts off as a sex-with-no-strings relationship of course turns into much more...but that is the beauty of Elle Kennedy's writing. There is nothing predictable here and there are tons of twists and turns along the way to Dean and Allie's HEA. With lots of witty banter and funny dialogue, smoking-hot sex and a little angst, THE SCORE is a fresh and modern romance that I devoured. I adored Dean and Allie together and can't wait for the next book! (What? Did you say Tucker?) \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
-1 Please please please don't let there be typos in the finished book like there are in the Goodreads summary!!
1 Russell. He is everything! Make Me serves up a healthy dose of steamy sex plus some really great comedic moments! \n Although Book #3 in Tessa Bailey's Broke and Beautiful series, this scorching book can be read and enjoyed as a standalone novel and is sexy, FUNNY and fast-paced. MAKE ME is pure Tess Bailey gold! Abby and Russell's story is an enjoyable, delicious book, written as always in the trademark Tess Bailey style of dirty-talking Alphas with a healthy dose of reality, humor and solid storyline. \n I was hooked from the hilarious opening line of this book. Russell is a blue-collar construction worker who thinks he will never be good enough for Abby, who comes from a wealthy family but is insanely attracted to Russell. She doesn't quite know how to move their friendship to the next level. Russell, on the other hand, fantasizes constantly about the irresistible Abby and is driven by the need to protect her. Will these two ever be able to move their relationship past the dreaded friend zone? Tessa Bailey writes some of the best growly, sexy Alpha heroes and Russell is no exception. As with all of Ms. Bailey's books, you will need to have a cold shower ready while reading MAKE ME, but the sexiness is mixed in with the perfect amount of extremely witty banter and memorable characters. I absolutely loved this book and highly recommend it for all fans of scorching hot New Adult contemporary romance! \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 3.5 - 4 Stars!! \n I really liked FLAME! The storyline and the love scenes and the action scenes are all fantastic!! \n Dakota finds herself taking a road trip with friends while she is on a break from school. Dakota goes along with Levi, Gunner and Emmy Sue on a trip for Levi and Gunner's motocross bike races. Levi is HOT but Dakota stays away from relationships. So this trip is perfect for the both of them: a hot hook-up with no promise of anything permanent. I loved Dakota's character: she is smart, strong-willed and not afraid to go after what she wants But when the road trip ends, will she be able to walk away from Levi? \n Dakota is from an unconventional family and I love how her free spirit shines through in this book. Levi is immediately attracted to her spirit but he is very honest about not wanting anything more than sex while they are on the road. He doesn't \"do\" relationships either. But is he ever HOT!! \n \"Sunshine,\" Levi leans over to me, resting his hand on the inside of my thigh, right below the frayed hem of my shorts, \"I promise I want to learn all about your family. They sound cool as fuck--especially the part about the weed farm--but can we get back to where you said motocross is driving fast and doing stupid, crazy-ass stunts while flying through the air? 'Cause if you're gonna be my girl on this trip, we need to give you a crash course tonight in all things motocross, so you can truly appreciate my awesomeness when you see me in action.\" \n These two have some great banter and the action scenes are incredible! Although this is the second book in a series, it can absolutely be read as a standalone. If you love a great new adult romance with plenty of sizzle and smart, witty banter, then you will LOVE FLAME!
1 Fresh, light, sexy and funny! \n I absolutely adore R.S. Grey's books. She has a fresh wit, a wonderful way with banter and can write sexy times as well as the best erotica author. This book is pure fun, a feel-good, sexy read with a HEA and a Cinderella feel to the story. It is a modern tale of a small-town girl trying to make it in the Big Apple, living on a shoestring budget but trying in the best Mary-Tyler-Moore fashion \"to make it on her own.\" \n Jo is a scrappy heroine, and thrilled to land her dream job with a famous fashion house in New York City. Of course her boss is Mr. Sexy Julian Lefray, and the sparks fly between these two right from the get-up. I love a good male POV and Ms. Grey writes a great one! Plus, this book has the just right amount of sex, it was a great \"palate cleanser\" in between the super-steamy and graphic contemporary romance and erotic books I normally read. \n This book is great if you are looking for a fun, light, sexy and witty book, with great banter between the hero and heroine and some really funny dialogue. It is a modern tale of love and sex and firendship in the big city and I highly recommend it. You can't go wrong with a book by R.S. Grey! \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 Cat Porter has written a magical, intense, sexy and incredibly satisfying story. Boner made my heart race and captured my soul! \n \"You reminded me that there's still magic,\" he whispered roughly. \"That there are things of wonder still left to experience.\" \n I am a HUGE fan of MC Romance books and Cat Porter is at the top of my list of favorite authors in this genre! Lock & Key, the first book in this series, remains one of my all-time favorite books. Random & Rare contented the experience of her absolutely flawless writing and now we have the third book in the series, which is Boner and Jill's story. \n Boner is a total bad-ass, who has been attracted to Jill for a long time but won't act on it. He's too old for her; she isn't sure she wants to go back to club life again; etc. etc. Jill had been with Catch, another biker and the father of her child, and it ended badly. But who can resist Boner, the sexy biker with a painful past? And how he got his road name...well, you'll have to read for yourself! It's not what you think. I fell in love with him and hoped that Jill could help him overcome his demons. \n \"Was I only pieces patched together by a leather vest?\" \n Even though Boner think Jill is off-limits, he offers her his protection and let's just say things progress from there. At first, their \"relationship\" is just for show but since this is a romance after all, they both quickly come to realize they have real feelings for each other. And the Victoria's Secret scene? Oh my God!!! My favorite. \n I loved reading about Boner's painful past and the action scenes are fantastic. While this doesn't knock out Lock & Key as one of my all-time favorite books, it is a fantastic, sexy, fast-paced and passionate story which I enjoyed immensely. The Epilogue was superb! All in all, Iron & Bone is another must-read book from the incredibly talented Cat Porter. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 \"Together we flew and together we drifted down to earth, to his bed, his room, this world, this life. Ending still with Coert and me. Yes, it was glorious.\" \n I don't know how she does it but Kristen Ashley has written yet another sparkling gem of a story. Emotional, heart-warming, sexy and heart-breaking, this book has EVERYTHING I love. There's a tough-talking, over-protective Alpha, a sweet and steely but damaged heroine and lots and lots of family goodness. There is nothing like a good, old-fashioned second-chance romance as only KA can do it!! \n The 'Magadalene' series is one of my favorites and while this book can be read as a standalone, I HIGHLY recommend reading the other books in the series!! They are GOLDEN. Set in a beautiful Maine town, I thoroughly enjoyed the detailed descriptions of architecture, seasons, local food (of course) and the tight-knit bond of the local townspeople. This book launches right into the reasons why Cady has moved to town: she purchased the crumbling lighthouse because not only does her estranged brother live nearby, but the love of her life, Coert, is the sheriff. She is determined to make amends with both of them. But Coert makes it VERY clear right from the beginning that she is to stay away from him at all costs. What happened between them all those years ago to make him so bitter? And exactly how and why has Cady changed so much from the young rebellious girl she once was? \n Cady and Coert's epic love began many years before in Colorado. Cady ran with a wild crowd and her family did not approve of her choices or her lifestyle. But Cady was always self-sufficient and independent and worked long hours at a dead-end job just to make ends meet. She wanted a better life for herself. She doesn't meet Coert under the best of circumstances but their love was real. A terrible turn of events tears them apart and just like that, the only beautiful thing Cady had was gone. \n Cady and Coert then spend many years apart. When they meet again in Magdalene, they both have huge misconceptions about each other. But they are both older and wiser and hopefully won't make the same mistakes again. I absolutely LOVED how Kristen Ashley brought these two together again and I was literally sobbing reading much of this book. The story is long, it is weighty and it is hugely satisfying. \n \"I was in love with Coert Yeager in a way that it just simply would never die.\" \n This glorious story features cameo appearances by characters from the 'Rock Chick' series (yay!) and it is filled with light and love and hope and smoking hot romance. Grab a bottle of wine, settle in and enjoy the ride!! Thanks again to Ms. Ashley for another unforgettable second-chance romance. \n \"This is life. And in all that's happened in mine, the one thing I've learned is, as ugly as it gets, as bad as you mess up, if you keep going, it'll get good again.\" \n (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
1 3.5-4 stars, interesting idea that had some exciting moments but overall I had a few issues that interfered with my enjoyment of the story. I did like the main characters and the New York setting. The writing is very good but I felt the story completely sugar-coated the jail setting; this is a fairy-tale, romanticized view of prison life. I also felt the ending was unrealistic with respect to Carter dealing with a corporate matter (I don't want to give away any spoilers here.) Most readers would not be bothered by that turn of events but I had a tough time with it. I did really appreciate the development of the characters and the overall story idea. I had high hopes for this book and for that reason I will definitely give the author's next books a try.
1 WOW!! Another passionate, loving and emotional book from Mara White!! I had the great pleasure of reading an early copy of Maldeamores and I haven't stopped thinking about it. \n Heed the warnings on this one because Maldeamores is unlike amy book I've read. Belen and Luciano are star-crossed lovers, fiercely in love but forced to deny their true feelings for each other. Like Mara's other books, I felt anxious, emotional, distraught and fascinated by these two characters and their tumultuous journey. The writing is stunning, sharp and incredibly erotic and the characters richly detailed. I was drawn into their world and was stunned by the turn of the events. These two are truly \"lovesick\" and simply cannot live apart from each other. \n There are some very graphic and steamy scenes in this book, but they fit in with the story and add fuel to the deep emotional bond Belen and Luciano share. If you like to be challenged and thrilled when you read, then Maldeamores is the book for you. It is not an easy story but I loved the rollercoaster ride of emotions! Mara White is a talent to watch and I hope she will keep on writing these complex, sexy stories. \n \"When the pen falls into our hands, we can't erase the past. \n All we're allowed is the chance to create a new ending.\"
1 3.5 - 4 stars - full review to come.
-1 3.5 Stars! \n Parallel universes? Yes, please! I have always been intrigued with stories about the path not taken. The blurb of MAYBE IN ANOTHER LIFE intrigued me and made me think of one of my favorite movies, Sliding Doors. While this book was not all that I had hoped for, it is nonetheless a well-written, thought-provoking story about the consequences of our actions, fate and destiny. \n Taylor Jenkins Reid brings a unique and fresh voice to the idea that our soul mates are out there, and that our choices lead us to our own realities. Both parallel stories in this book were engaging, REAL, and very original. The characters are all very relatable and some of their stories more poignant than others. \n \"I know there may be universes out there where I made different choices and they led me somewhere else, led me to someone else. And my heart breaks for every single version of me that didn't end up with you.\" \n Our heroine Hannah takes two widely divergent paths, as does her best friend Gabby. I did feel an overriding sense of sadness while reading this book, which, happily, was replaced by joy by the end. MAYBE IN ANOTHER LIFE is a very thoughtful and interesting book, which will make you think about your choices in life, and whether fate ever really plays a part in our lives. Is everything all mapped out, occurring anyway no matter what our choices might be? There's lots to chew on here and I will say that I was totally surprised by the ending of this book. \n I would have like a little more detail about some of the more meaningful events in this book. However, much of this story seems aimed at twenty-somethings who will very much enjoy Hannah's journey. I did feel that some important details were missing, but overall, both the writing and the story were very intriguing and fresh. \n I read this in one sitting and I will definitely grab the author's other books now. Love, loss, family, friendship, loyalty -- they are all covered here and I think this is the perfect summertime read.", "date_added": "Tue Apr 14 20:44:55 -0700 2015
1 5 Sexy and Edgy Stars!! \n \"Even the best of us isn't purely good. And even the worst of us isn't purely evil.\" \n This book is pure PERFECTION. My thought when finishing was, \"Now what do I read?!\" This is one of my top favorite series EVER. I am truly obsessed with this author and this story. Jonah and Vivienne are incredibly written characters, filled with depth and raw emotion. This is a very adult story, dealing with very adult subjects. With that said, these book are among the most highly erotic stories I have ever read. \n This series is not for everyone, but if you like sexy, edgy, mature stories, then definitely give these books a try. Lilah Pace's writing captivated me and drew me into Jonah and Vivienne's story like very few authors can do. While the subject may seem very taboo, I found these books to be as much an exploration of women's sexuality as they are \"forbidden\" erotic romance. These stories take you on an emotional journey that is sensual, enthralling and addictive, to say the least. \n BEGGING FOR IT is the conclusion to the series and picks up right where the first book ended. They must be read in order. These two characters are absolutely unforgettable, and I could not really fathom how they were going to make their very unorthodox relationship work. Jonah struggles with his own seemingly-insurmountable dark fantasies, while Vivienne also struggles to come to terms with her own deep-seated fears, as well as her very dysfunctional family. I literally raced through this book, fearful that the author was not going to give these two perfectly damaged souls the conclusion they were worthy of. I felt tremendous empathy for both of these characters and was deeply satisfied with the fantastic conclusion to their stories. I can't say enough about these books. They are thought-provoking, emotional and incredibly readable. \n \"We don't get better; we don't fix everything that's broken. We just learn how to work around the broken bits. How to do the best we can with what we have, and who we are.\" \n I am completely OBSESSED with this author and cannot wait for whatever books she might have planned for the future. I hope there are more books under the name Lilah Pace - I will read anything she writes! \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 WOW!! I don't even know where to begin with this book. Lilah Pace has written an absolutely perfect story, filled with erotic moments, thrills, emotion and a gripping plot. Each and every character is perfectly drawn, richly detailed and essential to the story. I can't say enough about this book and the author stalking has already begun. Who is this Lilah Pace and why has she enthralled me so? \n Vivienne is an art student at the University of Texas - Austin who has rape fantasies but they are rooted in a traumatic past event, and the many sessions with her therapist bring the story to light and perfectly frame the rest of the book. While some readers might be turned off by this story, I found it to be sexy, dramatic and addictive. She meets Dr. Jonah Marks, a gorgeous, brilliant and enigmatic professor in another department at UT, and through a series of very thrilling events, they begin a series of encounters. Certainly \"relationship\" might be too strong a word for what they do. But I can guarantee that you have never read scenes as hot as the scenes between Jonah and Vivi. \n \"How did this man with the power to terrify me also become the one person who truly makes me feel safe?\" \n They do reach a certain level of intimacy which is very beautiful and poignant all at once. Both Jonah and Vivi are richly written characters, very damaged for sure. There is nothing superficial about anything in this book and I was also absolutely entranced by the detail with which the author described the various settings in the book. From Austin to New Orleans, there is a level and richness of detail here that is greatly appreciated by this reader. \n \"Jonah doesn't know me well enough to know that I'm always ready to protect myself. My guard is always up. Still, I like that he always considers my safety even in the maddened heat of our mutual fever.\" \n I highlighted a zillion passages in this book and I can't possibly include them all here. Asking for It blew me away and is without a doubt one of my top reads of the year. Run, don't walk, to read this book. Don't let the blurb scare you away, there is so much more to this book and I need the next book NOW!!! Congratulations, Lilah Pace, on a magnificent story.
1 loved this book! Sarina Bowen is a new author to me and this is the first book I have read in the Ivy Years Series. It is a standalone but now I am a huge fan so I plan to read the other books in this series. \n Bella is a strong heroine and Rafe is totally swoon worthy. In this story, he is the virginal one and Bella is the one who enjoys sex and is not afraid to be the bold one. Hpw refreshing! The Shameless Hour is funny, sexy and heartbreaking all at once. Sarina takes some serious themes and incorporates them seamlessly into her story but gives her characters a fantastic HEA. \n Rafe is a hot soccer player who catches Bella's eye but who is inexperienced with women. He is a hard-working student from a close-knit family, quite the opposite of Bella. He is a wonderful character who is honest, trustworthy and gorgeous. But he doesn't just want a one-night stand with Bella. \n \"Bella's enthusiasm had obliterated all of my caution. She wanted me. And I could no longer think of any reason why I couldn't have this.\" \n Bella is a surprisingly strong and funny heroine who is not afraid to be herself and is unapologetic about her sexuality. She is funny and sexy and I absolutely loved her! Sarina Bowen writes a memorable female character who has grit, backbone and smarts. She is wildly attracted to Rafe but refuses to have a relationship with him because, well, she just doesn't do relationships. But Rafe is persistent and these two build a solid friendship along with their very explosive chemistry. Will Rafe convince Bella that he is worth the risk? Will Bella be able to overcome the reputation that seems to follow her around school? Read The Shameless Hour, you will love the funny dialogue, great story and strong characters that Sarina Bowen has created. \n \"All good things are risky\"... \n I already miss Rafe and Bella! And now I must read the other books in The Ivy Years because I need more of these stories! \n (ARC provided by the author with thanks.)
1 4.5 Stars!! John Logan. *sigh* Absolutely adored this book!! \n The Deal was a total surprise for me and was one of my favorite books of 2015 so far. It was fresh, sexy, smart and funny and I was soooo excited when I heard Elle Kennedy was writing a story about John Logan! I have been immersed in college romances lately, and The Mistake is now another one of my favorites in this genre. \n Sure, not every college or college experience is like the setting of this story, but I adored the characters and their friends (well, excerpt for one) and their struggles to find themselves in what to me is also a great coming of age story. \n John Logan is absolutely Book Boyfriend material! Swoon!! I fell in love with him as he tried to win Grace over. Ms. Kennedy's writing style is sexy, fast-paced, heartwarming and very funny, and this book was like unwrapping a delicious treat. I loved reading about the characters' backstories and loved the fabulous ending to this book. \n The Mistake was a flirty, steamy and fast read and I am now an even bigger fan of Elle Kennedy's writing. I loved this book and I think everyone at some point in their life has experienced some if not all of the emotions that these characters experienced. The Mistake is another winner from Elle Kennedy! \n Favorite quote (and I had many!!): \n \"We're the Lorris crime syndicate.\" \n I'm dumbfounded. \n Oh my God. \n Lorris? As in Logan and Morris? They fucking Brangelina'd themselves? \n (ARC provided by the author with thanks.)
1 Well this is a book that has some controversy surrounding it, of which I was blissfully unaware until I read a warning that came with this ARC. There are lots of reviewers who refuse to read this book, and that's fine. But based on its merits, I enjoyed this MM romance that comes with a healthy dose of sarcasm. \n Black Balled is a fairly quick read and is a parody of the indie book world, pairing a snarky book reviewer with tons of anxieties with an author who has tons of anger issues. The authors did a great job at the dual POV and really, when you peel away the layers of sarcasm and humor, the story is about finding yourself. \n \"Larson knows who he is and he makes no excuses or apologies for it. He wears his flaws just as proudly as he does his attributes, for all to see, and for everyone to accept or reject-as the case may be because it makes no difference to him. He is comfortable in his own skin. That is probably because Larson is genuine. He doesn't wear layers of facades that need to be ripped away in order to find his inner soul; or his truth. He just puts it all out there without reservation. \n Not like me.\" \n There is lots and lots of white-hot sex in this book and tons of great banter. If you go into Black Balled knowing it has a very different storyline, and that both characters have a wicked sense of humor, then you'll love this book!
1 I love Chelle Bliss and was so excited to read her newest series! If you've read Men of Inked, then you will fall head over heels in love with Morgan (NICE NAME!!) DeLuca, a Gallo cousin and Alpha male extraordinaire. He is just out of the Army and looking for direction in life when he gets an offer from his Florida cousins to join the ALFA PI agency. He picks up and leaves Chicago and his meddling mother to start over again with a new job. \n I loved how the Gallo family is woven into this story. If you haven't read Chelle's Men of Ink series, you are missing out! They are filled with love, big families, snappy banter and lots and lots of mind-blowing sexy times. Get right on that! \n Sinful Intent is a fast-paced, steamy story involving Morgan's first job, investigating and protecting his first client, Race True, from harassing and threatening emails that have escalated. She is being blackmailed and he must find her tormenter. She is a buttoned-up, straight-laced corporate type, sexy but basically married to her job and she needs someone like Morgan in her life to add the spontaneity she has been sorely missing out on. \n Chelle's books are steamy, entertaining and have some of the most creative sex scenes I have ever read. Morgan is just, WOW. Race and Morgan together are just explosive. I liked the suspense and mystery along with the funny moments sprinkled throughout the book. I really enjoyed this book. It is overall a very enjoyable, sexy story and a great start to a new series by one of my favorite authors. \n Favorite Quotes: \n \"We all have scars. Some we can see and others we can't. Wear those with pride.\" \n \"In all honesty, I hadn't saved Race True. She'd saved me. Giving me a life full of love and everything I'd always needed but never knew I'd wanted.\" \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)", "date_added": "Mon Mar 23 12:37:26 -0700 2015
1 4.5 Stars!! \n Ella Frank has written another sexy, gripping and character-driven book with TRUST! Are you new to the M/M genre? Then I highly recommend this series because the story is really about two people loving each other and fighting the same battles with family, work and external forces as everyone else. Oh, and there's some super-steamy sexy times to thrill you as well!! \n Logan and Tate have both changed and grown in this fantastic series. \n \"His motto of \"try, take, and top\" had changed. Oh, he'd tried Tate all right, and they'd both done a helluva lot of taking, but for once in his life, Logan didn't feel the desire to win. He didn't need to come out on top. What he wanted was Tate's trust--his absolute trust.\" \n Logan and Tate have made great strides in their relationship but Tate is still holding back. He and Logan are in love, yes, but is that always enough to sustain a long, happy and healthy relationship? Ella Tate's wonderful writing style kept the story flowing until the end, and there are some dramatic surprises in store for our gorgeous heroes which kept my heart racing until the very end! \n Once the calm after the storm had settled, Logan moved up his body, and Tate wrapped his arms around him. As they both lay there, in the silence of the room, neither one of them said a word-- because, really, there was nothing to add to such perfection. \n I highly recommend this series to all fans of contemporary romance. The story is enthralling and the characters memorable. And I absolutely adored the wonderful and satisfying ending for the sexy Logan and Tate. \n \"No,\" Logan finally said, and Tate felt his heart sink. \"I'll never see you that way again. Because before this, I didn't know you were essential for me to feel alive.\"
1 \"I kept my eyes closed. I couldn't bear for him to see what mine must look like. Desperate. Yearning. Drowning in agony.\" \n Yearning and desperation. Two feelings perfectly conveyed by the author in Deep Blue Eternity. I can't stop thinking about this book! A beautifully written, haunting story of two very lost souls, Natasha Boyd also injects some much-needed humor and a whole lot of sexy into this magnificent book. \n Livvy has run away to her grandmother's old island cottage and is quite shocked to find a caretaker named Tom living there. They begin a tentative and uneasy living situation but of course there is much more than meets the eye here. They are both frightened in their own way, both trying to escape brutal and heartbreaking pasts off the coast of South Carolina. Both are harbouring some very, very sad secrets and both are seeking healing, maybe in each others' arms. But Tom pushes Livvy away, she is very young and he cannot tell her why he is keeping her at a distance. \n \"I mean, I thought we had a... a friendship or something, and I don't understand what I've done wrong.\" Addressing it made a weird emotional bubble grow in my chest, and my eyes started to sting. \n Livvy tries to begin a new life by finding a job at a local cafe and befriending the residents. But Tom battles his true feelings for her and settles on a friendship, as well as protecting her from the local bad boys. \n \"Lifting my arms tentatively, I slid them around his waist. I thought I felt him shudder. His muscles were bunched tight, or he was tense. I didn't know. He was hugging me. I could hug him back, right?\" \n This book tackles some highly sensitive subjects which are handled with great care and sensitivity by Ms. Boyd. This is a moody, sexy, very emotional story that is perfectly written and entrancing. Do not miss Deep Blue Eternity! It is one of my favorite reads so far this year.
1 4.5 Emotionally Stunning Stars!! \n \"He was my truth. Even if that made me a sinner.\" \n I expect nothing less than total perfection from Penelope Ward and she delivers another very sexy, very emotionally satisfying story with Sins of Sevin. This book is the perfect cure for any kind of book slump you might be in. The characters are all richly written, the story is very different and creative, and the emotions this book inspires will have you wishing you there was more to this story. I did not want it to end! \n Sins of Sevin, told in alternating POV's, is about a fundamentally Christian household where the daughters must be courted before marriage by a man who has been chosen by the family. No kissing, no touching no NOTHING before marriage. The problem is, that Sevin is promised to a girl he does not love. His heart belongs to another. There are many factors at play here as to why he cannot be with the one he loves, his true soul mate, and these obstacles only make Sevin to be an even stronger, heartbreaking hero than is already is. \n \"You can't choose love. It chooses you, and once that happens, it doesn't let you go. You can pretend it's not there but when you try, it only fights harder...louder...until you finally get the message and give in.\" \n I do not read many other \"taboo\" romance books other than Penelope Ward. She is the Queen, bar none, of the forbidden romance genre. Sins of Sevin is another fantastic forbidden romance with a hero that I fell in love with from the first page. This book is filled with lots of anguish, emotion and plenty of guilt on the part of both main characters but the writing in this book flows so beautifully that even the most cynical reader with fall in love with Sevin (and MAYBE Evangeline!). \n Ms. Ward's story spans several years in time, which adds to the richness of the story. I honestly could not tell where this story was going end up, and the ending truly did surprise me. And please, have plenty of tissues handy for the Epilogue to this beautifully sexy and very loving book. \n \"I have so much love inside of me that's all yours, and it's been trapped inside. I need to give it to you, because holding it in is killing me. I know your heart belongs to me. But I'm selfish. I want all of you. I want you.\" \n Sevin and Evangeline are far from perfect. Both make choices that I did not agree with. But I absolutely fell in love with Sevin and with this story. Do not miss it. Sins of Sevin is a must-read! \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 We loved Mickey and Amelia's story! Soaring is classic Kristen Ashley, filled with love, family, a helluva sexy Alpha hero and lots more love. What is different about Soaring is that Amelia is far from perfect. She is a seriously flawed heroine who has made some very bad choices in her life. Those actions have had serious consequences including the loss of the custody of her children. But she is bound and determined to change her life, get her kids back and maybe, just maybe, fall in love again. \n Ms. Ashley fills Amelia's house with good friends and lots of family. Fences are mended and hearts are repaired along the way. But it is not an easy path, as Amelia has alienated most of her family and must hide her shattered heart in order to put things right again. We absolutely loved how the author really nailed what it's like to live with teenagers, and loved the scenes with Amelia's kids and Mickey's kids as well. \n Mickey has also had a rough past and resists falling for his gorgeous neighbor. He is a good man and might be one of our favorite KA heroes ever. Strong, sexy, low-key....yes, please!! And he accepts Amelia for who she is and doesn't judge her based on her past behavior. \n \"The mistakes we make in life don't define us, Amy. The way we handle 'em after makin' 'em do.\" \n This is an EPIC love story. We \"soared\" right along with Amelia and Mickey. We also loved how Amelia finally, for the first time in her life, stands on her own two feet and stands up to her awful, low-life ex-husband Conrad. And she does so without harming her children along the way. \n We love a strong heroine and Amelia turns out to be just that. Smart, beautiful and loving, it was a pleasure reading about a heroine who was over 40 and had LIVED a life. Soaring is a gritty, sexy, beautiful story. Don't miss this one!! \n \"Life isn't always beauty,\" he returned. \"Most of the time it's shit. But you keep fightin' to turn it around, that says it all about you. And you're fightin'. As a fighter too, I fuckin' love that in you.\"
1 Misconduct is one of my favorite books of the year!! Sexy, engaging, intelligent and inventive, Misconduct is why I read contemporary romance. There are very few books I would read twice and Misconduct is one of them. \n I want to thank Ms. Douglas for writing an exciting, very adult contemporary romance that hits all the high notes. Misconduct was a pure pleasure to read, from the well-drawn characters, to the New Orleans setting, to the damaged family relationships that were the center of this book. This book is one of my top favorites of the year, and I cannot recommend it highly enough. \n If you like to get lost in a book, then Misconduct is for you. The sexy, sultry New Orleans setting; the smart, successful, handsome, yet damaged hero; the beautiful but skittish heroine, all of these add up to an unputdownable story. This book is very different from the Fall Away series except for the unparalleled writing. This story is for adults, it is erotic, sexy, poignant, exciting and thrilling. What more could you ask for in a book? \n Tyler and Easton are two of the standout main characters that I have read this year. And I have read a LOT. I read an early paperback copy so I dog-eared almost every single page of my copy!! Here's a peek: \n \"I should go home. \n But he kept wanting me. \n He kept tapping at my shell like I was an egg he needed to crack. And while I constantly felt like goo that would spill everywhere if not protected by my hard outer armor, he made me feel like I didn't need it.\" \n Exceptional writing; an exciting, fast-paced story; all the right emotions ... this book has it all. And THE most important factor for me when reading is a connection to the main characters. I felt a deep connection not only with Tyler and Easton, but felt THEIR connection and their love. \n Put Misconduct on your must-read list. It is an outstanding story! \n (With many thanks to the publisher for an ARC of Misconduct in return for an honest review.)
1 I don't think there's been a book by Cardeno C. that I have not loved. Home Again is another sexy and sweet story where family is first, the characters get their HEA, and the sex is SMOKING hot. This book is told is a series of flashbacks which alternate with present day, focusing on Noah and Clark, who first meet when they are teenagers. I love how this author spotlights the importance of friends who accept you, but also being true to yourself. There is some angst in this book but you just know the main characters will work everything out. The story is clever and the alternating POV's are refreshing. Oh and of course, the chemistry between Noah and Clark is off-the-charts hot and the sex scenes are absolutely amazing. Loved the twist at the end! This is a standalone although it is part of a series. If you are looking for sexy-sweet M/M romance, then Cardeno C. is your go-to author and you will love Home Again. \n (ARC provided by the author with thanks.)
1 I do LOVE my Katy Evans books!! MANWHORE +1 was a wonderful and very satisfying sequel to the first book in the series, Manwhore! I loved the very modern and witty yet very sexy story. \n This book picks up right after the conclusion to MANWHORE. Rachel has publicly embarrassed her boyfriend Malcolm Saint and is in deep despair of ever repairing their relationship. Katy Evans writes a beautifully flowing yet very fast-paced and verrrrry sexy story here as we experience the deep heartache that Rachel feels. \n \"This is what I've been waiting for, for four weeks. This is what I wanted when I left a thousand messages on his phones and what I wanted when I wrote a thousand others that I left unsent. To see him. \n For him to want to see me.\" \n There's plenty of office drama, too, as Rachel's dream job seems to be in jeopardy due to a bidding war over the ownership of the company where she works. One of the things I love about this author is that her heroes, no matter how tortured, always have the ability the love deeply and Saint is no exception. Despite his reputation, he really cares deeply for Rachel and their scenes together are perfect. \n I definitely recommend this series if you love a contemporary, witty, and passionate story with a great cast of supporting players. I also loved that there might be another story here for Gina and Tahoe? Things seem to be pointing in that direction and I would love to read more about them! I can't wait to see what's next for Rachel and Saint and am anxiously awaiting Ms. Manwhore! \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 STARS!! \n \"Dragging my hand over my face, I pull my phone back out and try to focus on the man I need to beat. \n And I think of that nice girl who doesn't want to be nice. A girl who wants to be unforgettable and doesn't realize, she already is.\" \n MAVERICK!!!! I think I'm in LOVE. Katy Evans has created a gorgeous, sensitive beast of a man. Another legend is born. \n Legend is the kind of Katy Evans book that I love, filled with passion, emotion, tons of sexy times and a deep emotional connection between the two main characters. This book goes back to the roots of the series, an lonely underdog fighting against the world, and a sweet, kind woman who is swept away by his passion. \n Maverick \"the Avenger\" Cage is an outcast in the underground fighting world. But he knows he can be the best if only someone would give him a chance and train with him. The best he can do is a down-and-out trainer named Oz. Reese is Remy's wife Brooke's cousin, and is traveling with them on the fighting circuit while taking care of their son, Racer. She is a loner, shy, and never thinks someone like Maverick would be interested in her. \n \"I wanted to be understood, and I wanted to be known. And I wanted to be loved.\" \n I LOVE a good underdog story and Legend fits the bill perfectly. There are no over-the-top characters here, just two people who are searching for something that they never had. And when Maverick and Reese get together, WOW!!!! Hello, new favorite book boyfriend!! \n \"Don't go after her if you don't think you can deserve her.\" He hits me again and I block, then jab him. He eases back and prowls around. So do I. \n \"Deserve her first. Then go after her.\" \n Reese and Maverick have a forbidden romance at first, because Maverick is in training to ultimately fight Remington \"Riptide\" Tate and challenge him for the championship. And nothing will stand in his way. But the truth comes out and Reese must decide whose corner she is really in. There's no question that Maverick is all hers, and he is the kind of man that knows when he has found the woman for him. I loved that Reese is not perfect, and the author makes sure to point out her insecurities. This is the kind of book that Katy Evans does best, filled with fierce warmth, hotness and a brute of a hero with a heart of gold. Maverick is EVERYTHING. I adored Legend and it is the perfect entry in the REAL series of books. \n Favorite quote: \n \"He doesn't say a word to me, but I can feel him. He's all I feel. Everywhere. \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 sexy-Alpha stars!! \n Harper Sloan keeps getting better and better! I loved this book! The author has created more characters to fall in love with. Cohen and Dani are absolutely irresistible and their story was steamy, emotional, passionate and beautiful. This story has the perfect blend of sexy, heart-warming, funny and tension. I read this book in one sitting and really feel that it is one of Harper's best books. \n Dani is a sweet girl and knows from an early age that Cohen is her man. The problem is her overprotective Alpha father kept her almost locked away and she never thought that Cohen saw her as anything but the best friend's little sister. I loved that she really was honest with Cohen, she didn't try and hide her feelings. That was a refreshing twist for me. \n Cohen is another gorgeous, sexy Alpha as only Harper Sloan can create. He is brave, loving and will do anything to protect his girl. He never forgot Dani or gave up on them, even when he was in the middle of combat. \n \"Right in the middle of that Hell-on-earth chaos, I would hear her words trail through my thoughts right when I needed an extra push of strength or, God forbid, hope. I think that was the moment that I realized the enormity of it and that confession whispered all those years ago. Right or wrong, whatever it is between us would always be bigger than I understand. It's something that was so unexpected-- that feeling, craving, desire, to make her mine. It's something I've almost felt guilty about over the years.\" \n Unexpected Fate is a thrilling, totally sexy story filled with family, love and emotion. I highly recommend it for all fans of Harper Sloan and for anyone who loves a fast-paced, steamy story. This story has a fabulous and satisfying ending and I can't wait for more books in this series! \n (ARC received from the the author in return for an honest review)
1 4.5 - 5 Sexy - Sweet Stars!! \n Hello, Elle Kennedy! Thank you for this perfect blend of sexy, sweet and funny! The Deal is a palate cleanser, the kind of book that is a refreshing change of pace from dark, angsty, over-emotional stories. Even if you are not usually a fan of college romances, take a chance on The Deal, you won't be disappointed. Hannah is a smart, hard-working, self-sufficient music major, talented and unfortunately very closed off to any sort of interpersonal relationships. Garrett is a hockey player (Hello!! New favorite sport!), and a \"player\" in every other sense of the word. He is required to maintain a certain GPA to play on the team and for this, he needs a top-notch tutor for one of his classes. Enter Hannah. Excerpt that she absolutely refuses to have anything to do with Garrett. \n There is so much more to Garrett than meets the eye. I loved how he slowly breaks down Hannah's resistance and she discovers, to her total surprise, that he is actually an incredibly decent and yes, very irresistible guy. The Deal is a wonderfully layered story, with the characters getting to know one another and slowly developing a bond. There are no contrived situations here or over-the-top plot developments. The story is pure gold and I absolutely loved every single word of it! (There was only one \"oops\" moment in this story which hopefully won't reappear in The Mistake - American college students don't use \"meters\" to describe measurements - they would use feet.) \n There are also fabulous supporting characters here and I can't wait for their stories. Elle Kennedy has become a new favorite of mine and I look forward to reading more from her. Here are some of my favorite quotes from The Deal: \n I have to say, this is the first time a girl's been worried about getting caught in my bedroom. Normally they strut out like they've just bagged Brad Pitt. \n Hannah takes a breath. \"We studied. We watched TV. I went home late. That's what happened. Got it?\" \n I fight back laughter. \"As you wish.\" \n \"Did you really just Princess Bride me?\" \n \"Did you really just use Princess Bride as a verb?\" \n She glowers. \n ************** \n I burst into the locker room and -- \n Penises! \n Sweet Jesus. \n Penises everywhere. \n Horror slams into me as I register what I'm seeing. Oh God. I've stumbled onto a penis convention. Big penises and small penises and fat penises and penis-shaped penises. It doesn't matter which direction I move my head because everywhere I look I see penises. \n (ARC provided with thanks for an honest review.)
1 4.5 heart-pounding stars!! Malcolm Kyle Preston Logan Saint is quite the sexy alpha!! I need more, asap. I know there is much more to Saint than meets the eye. This is one of Katy's best books. Full review to come closer to release day!
1 4.5 - 5 stars!! \n I absolutely loved this passionate and moody story and I need closure on Kes and Aimee's story, like, yesterday! I can't stop thinking about these characters. This is one of those very broody, very memorable stories that really gets under your skin. The first half of this book completely swept me away and immersed me into the small-town, Midwestern setting. Kestrel and Aimee had a simmering, sizzling attraction that grew from their close friendship as children. Kes, a bruised and battered soul, found something in Aimee that he could cling to and that would give him a glimmer of hope in his stolen youth. \n Kes was put to work in a traveling carnival at a young age, and while Aimee sees the carnival as a magical, almost mystical lifestyle, Kes sees the much harsher side of \"carnie\" life. His carnival returns to her small town each summer for 2 weeks, and their unlikely friendship blossoms over the years into a sexy, heated, full-blown relationship. \n \"Fate was against us. Screw that! Kes was moody and difficult, brilliant and beautiful. He scared me and protected me.\" \n Years pass, and finally Kes and Aimee might have the chance as adults to explore their searing and unbreakable bond. Kes has becom a star within the fair circuit, with women throwing themselves at him, as they did when he was younger. Aimee is a schoolteacher, living a safe and plain existence in a town in New England. What will happen when they are reunited? \n \"He was everything i wasn't, but somehow, together, there was a synergy, an alignment, something that just made sense.\" \n The first half of this book literlly blew me away! I could not put it down. The tone changed slightly in the second half but yet I am still 100% invested in this story and I cannot wait to see what the author has in store for these characters in the next book! Please note that this is book #1 in a series with somewhat of a sudden ending but I highly recommend it. Prepare to fall in love with Kes! \n (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 STARS \n What an amazing story!! Lust, sex, chemistry and tons of action fill Mel and Painter's story. Never a dull moment here and the sex is OFF. THE. CHARTS. There's lots of MC goodness, because there is a fantastic epilogue PLUS other treats in store for readers of Reaper's Fall!! \n I ADORE Joanna Wylde's writing. She writes MC romance with a certain excitement but also realism that is absolutely addictive. Every one of her men is rough, sexy and real. Reaper's Fall is Painter and Melanie's story and uses one of my favorite tropes, the lovers-to-enemies theme. Their early contact is really limited to just letters while Painter is in prison. The build-up is slow and delicious and when they break apart, as you know that they will, it is emotional and heartbreaking and fiery. I literally devour every book by Joanna Wylde and Reaper's Fall was no different. Although the characters from previous books appear here, this book can abaolutely be read as a standalone but I LOVED seeing all of my \"old friends\". \n These books are rouch, they are messy, there is not always hearts and flowers. Melanie doesn't always make the right decisions but what I love about Ms W writing is that her characters are always trying to better themselves, and Melanie is no different. And Painter makes no apologies for who he is, and when he and Melanie get together, it is pure heat and emotion. \n Melanie is very stubborn and rebels against the MC. The actions of the club members are not sugar-coated here but that makes Melanie and Painter's journey that much more bittersweet. And did I mention there's plenty of humor here to balance out the raw passion and emotion and incredibly steamy sex?? \n \"If I had to fall in love with an asshole, at least he was a hot asshole.\" \n I will read every single book that Joanna Wylde writes. Every story from Ms. Wylde delivers the goods. And, as an added bonus here, there is a FANTASTIC Epilogue!! I can't wait for the next book from this fabulous author. \n Favorite Quote: \n \"I still wanted better for her. Someone nice, who'd work a steady job, maybe take her to Hawaii every other year. Wash her car on Saturday mornings. Unfortunately, every time I tried to picture the guy, he was dead at my feet.\" \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 There is nothing like the thrill of a new MC book from Joanna Wylde. Her characters feel real and each book is raw, sexy and fresh. Silver Bastard is no different, it is a thrill-ride from beginning to end. I fell in love with the two main characters and I absolutely adored Becca, she is a kick-ass heroine who is fighting for a better life and does so with humor and strength. \n We first met Puck in Reapers Stand and now it is five years later as Puck is out of prison after taking the fall for his MC. His first night of freedom and he meets Becca, in an awkward situation that turns ugly very fast. Puck is a stand-up guy and he basically saves Becca's life. Several years later, Becca is living in a small town in Northern Idaho, working and attending school. She is only 21 but is much older than her years. \n Becca knows that Puck is not the right guys for her, she has been trying to avoid trouble since she left home 5 years before. But the problem is that Puck can't stay away from Becca and feels protective of her in every sense. They fight, they argue, they battle, but this book is so filled with humor and fast-paced action that the classic \"will-they-won't they\" feels fresh and new and exciting. I couldn't put this book down! Silver Bastard is one of my favorite Joanna Wylde books and I have read them all. \n Puck can't stay away from Becca and he is an Alpha MC biker so... you can guess where things lead. Joanna Wylde's incredibly steamy scenes between Puck and Becca and the fantastic storyline kept me hooked from the very beginning. I can't say enough about her writing and her MC books. Although there are many serious and dark issues raised in this book, our hero and heroine eventually get their HEA (of course) and the funny and witty dialogue provided a welcome relief from all the drama. \n I love all Joanna Wylde's characters and I was excited to see some other characters introduced here. As usual, I can't wait for her next book. If you love great writing with tons of steamy scenes and some rough and gritty drama, then you will love Silver Bastard. \n Favorite Quote: (because this perfectly captured Puck and Becca): \n \"We've been in a relationship for five years now,\" Puck said, his voice hard. 'It wasn't normal, it wasn't exclusive... Hell, I don't know what the fuck it was, but we both know that's the truth. Whatever's between us, it's been there since the first night we met.\" \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 do not read much paranormal romance but I highly recommend this book! The characters and the story won me over. Mitch and Frederick are twins and both alpha wolves. Mitch stayed in their area, even after his brother found a mate and even though he accepted that he would forever be alone. \n Frederick and Simon meet by chance and once again, Cardeno C.'s incredibly loving, warm and sweet style took over to give these two the full life they had both been missing. \n Blue Mountain is a fairly short story, but is a wonderful, sweet addition to the author's work. Although Simon and Frederick are only really together towards the end of the story, the story and the characters really mesh perfectly together and I loved the direction the story took. I absolutely adored the narrator of this audiobook, even though I liked him best as the voice for Frederick and Mitch. I would like to hear Sean Crisden again as the narrator in future audiobooks. I highly recommend this story and the audio book for any reader of the m/m genre, even those new to the shapeshifter genre. Thank you, Cardeno C. for broadening my reading horizons once again! \n (A complimentary copy of the audiobook was provided in exchange for an honest review.)
1 4.5 Stars!! \n Swoon!!! Ladies and gentleman, meet Gray Grayson and prepare to fall in LOVE!! \n THE FRIEND ZONE is a super-funny, very steamy, and very romantic sports romance that I absolutely adored. It can be read as a standalone although two characters from The Hook-Up make appearances here. If you are looking for a fast-paced, clever story, then THE FRIEND ZONE is for you. \n I think one of my favorite quotes of the year so far has to be from this book: \n \"I'm trying to commiserate, you noodle. Because the itching was torture when it grew back. And do not get me started on the pain of waxing. I was certain that evil woman had ripped my lady lips off.\" \n \"Lady lips? Oh Christ.\" His gleeful laughter echoes through the stadium. \n \"This is so not funny,\" I protest, my hands on my hips as his abs clench--which, unf--and he cracks up. \"It was the worst pain of my life. And I've broken my arm in two places.\" \n Lady lips! I love it! But the story is great and the supporting characters all vital to the story and just as interesting as Gray and Ivy. Ivy has vowed never to do casual hook-ups, especially with an athlete. Her sports-agent father's lifestyle turned her off to that. And Gray isn't interested in a monogamous relationship, until of course, he meets Ivy. \n This book is extremely clever and the author creates a real and meaningful friendship between Ivy and Gray. Their relationship is believable, sweet and honest, and so their eventual sexy times did not feel rushed at all, but instead felt like a perfectly natural progression of their growing passion. \n And speaking of sex, did I mention that Gray is irresistible? Yep, perfect boyfriend material. The nighttime stadium scene? I died a little. He's an intelligent and incredibly gifted athlete with a bright future ahead if only he can withstand his sorry excuse for a family. \n \"To me it's a cathedral. I sit here and I feel calm, centered. And yet it's like all the energy of games past remains, coursing through my veins, and I can't wait for the next game.\" \n These two are meant for each other, it's just that they don't quite realize it at the beginning: \n \"His forearm tenses, and I find him staring at me with wide eyes. Pain resides there, and a sort of longing too. I recognize it in myself -- that need to have someone understand how empty life can feel, as if you're the only one in your universe. \n Gray holds my gaze for another second then clears his throat. \"Shit, Mac, you're going to have me bawling like a baby soon.\" He gives me a lopsided smile.\" \n Ivy and Gray care deeply for each other; they both had sad and lonely lives when they were younger, some of which has spilled over into their young adult lives and which has brought them closer together. But never fear, the author watches over your heart and doesn't let anything too painful happen to it. \n Gray falls for ivy, despite his surprise at the depth of his feelings for her. It was actually quite beautiful to watch his feelings unfold \n \"And that strange dichotomy is my Ivy. Insane planner mixed with a free spirit who goes with the flow. A surge of affection hits me, and I sink further into the pillows.\" \n Lest I forget to rave about the sexy times, they are HAWT!! Take one 6'6'' football player who weighs well over 200 pounds, with a drop-dead body and a very sensitive and loving soul and you have the recipe for PERFECT sex! And they both like to act out fantasies. THUD. \n There are some very serious and sensitive moments in The Friend Zone, but they are handled with sensitivity and grace by the author. And the Epilogue was perfect! Not completely unexpected but tender and loving nonetheless.
1 3.5 - 4 Stars \n Reviewed by Cathy: \n Pucked is a witty story about Violet, who has a super funny and very inappropriate mother and a whore of a stepbrother who plays for the the NHL. So she has stayed away from hockey players until she meets Alex, the captain of the Rangers. All that goes out the widow. The writing is funny and light and the sex is great. There is no angst or heavy themes in this book. It is raunchy, funny and filled with tons of sexy times. If you're a fan of sports romance, you'll love this book - Pucked is the perfect, fast-paced summer read! \n (ARC provided by the author with thanks.)
1 Always You is a surprisingly good, second-chance romance that is modern, witty, steamy and filled with believable characters. This is a great debut from Stephanie Rose! I loved the story and absolutely loved the plot. This is an emotional story that grabbed me from the first page. \n Samantha is stuck in a loveless and heartless marriage and re-connects via Facebook with Lucas, her former college advisor. It is clear from the outset that Sam is with the wrong guy in more ways than one. Her husband Marc is an absentee husband and father. Lucas is wonderful to Sam and her daughter Bella, and Lucas and Bella's relationship makes up much of the heart of this story, it is just amazing. \n Lucas is, well, irresistible. He is smart, uber-sexy, respectful and H-O-T. Just what Sam needs. And when things with Marc take a nasty turn, Lucas is right there with Sam, supporting her emotionally, and ready to love Bella and Sam forever. Lucas is an amazing character and a perfect book boyfriend!! There are some really romantic scenes in Always You that touched me and melted my heart. As you can probably see, Sam was married when she first reconnects with Lucas but trust me, Marc is a horrible person who needed to be dealt with. Sam just didn't have to courage to act until Lucas came into the picture. \n There is lots of sexy time and sweet and sexy texting between our Hero and heroine. This book was surprisingly hot, very readable and enjoyable for all fans of steamy contemporary romance. The last scenes in the book were especially touching. I highly recommend this book for romance fans who like some steam to go along with their HEA. \n (ARC provided by the author with thanks.)
1 4.5 Stars!! \n Silas and Charlie's epic journey continues! I'm a huge fan of this series and Part 2 did not disappoint! Another fantastically thrilling and creative story from Colleen Hoover and Tarryn Fisher. \n \"Never forget, Charlie. \n Never stop.\" \n NEVER NEVER PART TWO is another completely gripping and thrilling story that continues literally from where Part One left off. The characters continue to enthrall and the plot continues to thicken in the second installment of this very strange tale. Ms. Hoover and Ms. Fisher are two of my favorite authors so it is no surprise that I loved this book and read it in just one sitting. \n The feeling of disorientation continued in this story and I could not wait to see where Silas and Charlie's journey would go. Alas... more questions are raised and only a few answers are revealed. To me, this is not a paranormal story even though there are elements of what might be the supernatural here. I was very surprised by the turn of events here and I cannot wait to get my hands on the next story. \n We again have both POVs, which flowed perfectly and added to my enjoyment of the book. Leave it to these two authors to both grip my heartstrings with Silas and Charlie's story, and leave me feeling like I stepped off a roller-coaster ride, all at the same time. \n As you can see, these books are not standalones but if you like a twisty, thrilling, beautifully-written story, then don't miss Never Never. I absolutely adore this series and need the conclusion, like, NOW!!
1 \"Someone once told me that there is no such thing as bad people. We're all just people who sometimes do bad things. That stuck with me, because it's so true. We've all got a little bit of good and evil in us.\" \n IT ENDS WITH US is one of THE most important books you'll read this year, maybe ever. It is absolutely stunning. There are very few books that I recommend to my daughter to read but this book is one of them. This story should be read by every woman, husband, boyfriend, son and brother because it contains one of the most powerful messages I have ever experienced. \n On the surface this book is the story of Lily, who has escaped to Boston from the small town she grew up in. Smart and driven, she opens her own shop and meets Ryle, a funny, handsome and brilliant surgeon. Revealing anything more about this book would do a tremendous disservice to the perfect way that Colleen Hoover has told this story. It builds slowly, bit by bit, to a painful and inevitable conclusion that took my breath away. \n As with all Colleen Hoover's books, IT ENDS WITH US is a stunner, magnificently written and absolutely unputdownable. My heart almost stopped in several places. It's that good!! Do yourself a favor and read this book - you will never forget it. \n \"Fifteen seconds. That's all it takes to completely change everything about a person. Fifteen seconds that we'll never get back.\" \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 4 1/2 I-LOVE-LINDEN STARS!! \n I love a sweet, sexy, hot and romantic story, and The Pact is all this and more! Add a charismatic and irresistible Scotsman? YES, PLEASE! Karina Halle hits another home run with this incredibly engaging and modern tale of dating, love and romance. This is a fun, fast-paced and very enjoyable read and a little bit of a different type of book for this author. And I loved every word. Linden and Stephanie are two incredibly engaging characters, both very endearing and sometimes maddening and in the end, just plain human, with all the insecurities, longings and sometimes-dysfunctional relationships that most of us deal with into our adulthood. \n These two are best friends, but also find each other irresistible. But they are terrified of ruing their close friendship by becoming involved romantically. So, they make a pact. At Linden's suggestion, they agree at age 25 that if they are not married by the age of 30, then they will marry each other. Sounds like a good idea, no? But the problem is that no one else can measure up to the other during all the years in between. At times, I just wanted to scream, \"Get together already!!\" \n \"I sip my drink and can't help but feel the slightest bit relieved. In five years, all the dating and the strife could be over. In five years, there's the tiniest possibility that I could marry my best friend.\" \n Linden is hot hot hot and the kind of guy that every girl swoons over. He can't seem to fully give himself to anyone and of course, is madly in love with Stephanie. She, however, is not quite sure if he was just kidding about the pact, but she, too, can't seem to find true love, either. \n \"I want to tell her all the filthy things I think about, be real, raw and unfiltered. I want to make her cheeks flush from my dirty mouth and her body with desire.\" \n Oh, yes, Linden is a dirty talker. Will they finally see through their stubborn resolve and give in to the feelings they have for each other? Things seem to come to a head during a camping weekend and they both seem to finally see the light. Finally! But will they be able to withstand all the outside forces and their own insecurities to be able to really make their incredible bond last? \n The Pact has one of the most romantic and heart-pounding endings I have ever read. I was alternately swooning and crying. Karina Halle has written a perfect contemporary romance - it has a believable and relatable hero and heroine, modern settings, real-life problems and lots and lots of incredibly steamy, off-the-charts sex!! Issues with friendships, dating, jobs, family -- this book has it all. I loved this book and fell in love with Linden. Highly recommended for all fans of modern romance! \n (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review)
1 ARC provided by the author for an honest review.) \n 4 - 4.5 Stars!! \n I absolutely loved Fighting Silence! Till Page is a memorable character that I won't soon forget! Struggling against dirt-poor poverty, absentee parents and an inevitable loss of his hearing, this book pulled at my heartstrings and thrilled me from beginning to end. \n Till is a fighter, taking care of his younger brothers to keep them out of the social services system. His only bright spot in an otherwise dismal existence is his neighbor Eliza Reynolds, who he spends every minute with after school, but who he completely ignores during the day. \n She is just a gorgeous person, inside and out, and Till is frightened of ruining their relationship with sex, so... they spend part of the book battling their attraction to each other. \n \"Eliza was a crier. She pretended that it was only when she was mad. That was bullshit though. She cried every time the wind blew north. Happy, sad, angry--it didn't matter. I loved it when she happy cried. I laughed when she angry cried. I was gutted when she sad cried. I'd held her through all of them. But her reaction that night was extraordinary. I guessed my present was pretty extraordinary too though.\" \n Eliza is sensitive but strong. I loved that about her character! This is not a typical fighter story, it is fresh and new and make no mistake, Till and \"Doodle\" BURN up the pages when they get together. This story is told in alternating POV's and flashes forward in time but Aly Martinez does an amazing job with the alternating voices. \n This is a story of true devotion, fighting for happiness and fighting for the right to love and be loved. Sounds sappy, but this book is so much more! I loved it! \n \"Till and I both knew we had a strange relationship. It was more than a friendship, but there wasn't romance or sex. There was definitely love though. Immeasurable amounts of it. I knew that Till had this grand fantasy about me. But what he didn't realized was all that he gave me in return. He was the only thing I'd ever had that I honestly thought I couldn't live without. Till Page was my soulmate on every level.\"
1 4.5 stars!! \n This was my first book by Monica Murphy and it was brilliant! It exceeded all expectations and I am anxiously awaiting the next book in this series. \n Sexy, adult, erotic, this book has it all. Owning Violet introduces us to three sisters \"born to wealth, raised to succeed, ready to love, destined to make waves.\" As the daughters of the scion of a world-famous fragrance company (it brought Estee Lauder to mind), Violet and her sisters are all very different but all intimately entwined with the future of their family's company. \n Violet at first seems like a push-over and a doormat, her boyfriend almost openly cheats on her but she looks the other way, all in the name of the company. But I found her to be a compelling character, driven, eager to love and be loved, and above all, very ambitious. This book literally has it all: highly erotic sex scenes, an Alpha male and lots and lots of edge-of-your seat drama. \n Ryder is a sexy bad-boy co-worker who rose above his rough past to work in corporate America. Violet may appear to have it all, but she experienced a terrible trauma that is still haunting her to this day. While we might first see her as nothing more than a pawn in a rather sick game between Ryder and Pilar, a scheming woman who wants to bring her down, she is much, much more that that. Violet is no pawn and slowly begins to realize that the sexual relationship she has with Ryder might be much, much more and she must find her inner strength to beat Pilar at her own game. \n Owning Violet is an adult, erotic, steamy book and I loved the story and the amazingly intense scenes with her and Ryder. He is hot as hell, damaged, sexy, smart and ambitious. The steam factor was just genius. All in all, I loved this book and can't wait to read more from this author. I recommend this for anyone who loves a sexually-charged, fast-paced storyline with some very memorable characters. \n (*ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 STUNNING STARS!! \n \"You make hell feel like heaven, Blaire.\" \n WOW!!!! This series is one of the most readable series out there. Mia Asher is why I read contemporary romance. From the first page to the every last word, I was hooked, invested in the story and emotionally connected to the characters. If you have read the first book, EASY VIRTUE, then you know that Blaire is then between two men, Ronan and Lawrence. Who will win her heart? Will either of them? \n Tonight I let a man f* my brains out so he could eradicate a different man from my heart. I've done it before but, this time, it didn't work. Ronan was everywhere. In every kiss and every touch. He still is. \n Ronan and Lawrence. Two irresistible men, both owning part of Blaire's heart, but in different ways. I can't decide which one I loved more, the author did an outstanding job creating two men who both stole my heart. Although Blaire and Lawrence's relationship was originally based on an arrangement for sex only, he became someone who Blaire could really fall in love with. But there's Ronan, always Ronan, on her mind and in her heart. \n Ronan has become embittered, jaded and filled with hate for Blaire. But the fantastic way in which the author tells the story here in multiple POV's had me racing through the story to see where it would end up. I did not want poor Ronan to be so bitter! He tries to erase Blaire from his mind but she is always there. \n When my lips touch hers , she closes her eyes and gives in to the kiss. I don't. I can't. And I f*king hate myself for it because even though I'm kissing this woman, it's Blaire who I taste. \n I absolutely LOVED the conclusion to this story. It is rare for me to love a sequel as much as the first book but SWEETEST VENOM is pure gold. I applaud Mia Asher for the ending she gave to her characters here and dare I even hope that there could be more books with some of these characters? I will never forget Blaire, Ronan and Lawrence. \n \"There's the stubborn streak that I love so much. But be careful or it will be your downfall.\" \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 \"Loving or warring, it always felt good with her. Although loving was better, because I got to sleep over.\" Fantastic addition to Tate and Jared's story! Full review to come.
1 \"Life happened, and then happened some more, and kept happening until you were so caught up in life itself that you forgot to actually live it.\" \n What a raw, beautiful and unflinching look into the world of the one percenters! This is NOT a pretty story - it is filled with lust and mayhem and violence - but it perfectly tells the story of Eva's parents, Preacher and Wheels (Debbie). \n This is one of my top favorite series EVER and I highly recommend reading the books in order. BUT you can read the first book right away to get a flavor for Madeline Sheehan's writing. \n Preacher lived an entire lifetime before we ever met Eva as a young child in 'Undeniable.' His life was hard. But he was a survivor. \n \"Prison had been a painful wake-up call for Preacher. It had taken the man he'd been, beaten the holy hell out of him, flushed him down the shitter, and sputtered and spit him back out a ravaged and shameful shell.\" \n Preacher met Debbie on the road. She, too, was a survivor and did what she had to do to get by on the streets. Madeline Sheehan took two very damaged and hardened souls and created something beautiful which is why I absolutely love her writing style. \n The book is told as a flashback as Preacher lays dying in the hospital. He is finally telling his story to his beloved daughter Eva. But everything I thought I knew about Preacher and Debbie was wrong! Preacher's tale is heartbreaking but I could not put this book down. I had to see it thought to the end. \n Preacher was in the biker life no matter what. Loyal and true to his family and biker brothers no matter what, he was a Demon through and through. \n \"According to the law and the state of New York, he was indeed a free man. But in reality, he wasn't free at all. He belonged to the Silver Demons body and soul, for better or worse. And if he stayed on this path, this wasn't going to be the last time he went to prison.\" \n Heart-wrenching and gritty, 'Undeserving' is nonetheless an incredibly readable story. It must be experienced. Madeline Sheehan does not write hearts-and-flowers stories. But her biker romances are must-reads. While this wasn't as raw as 'Undeniable', it is still one of the best examples of this genre. I can't wait for more books from Ms. Sheehan. She is one of my auto-buy authors. \n Favorite quote: \n \"I noticed you.\" Debbie's eyes darted back inside the cart, colliding with Preacher's. I noticed you. Those three words took flight, finding and nudging awake long hidden places inside of her.
1 3.5 stars! \n Abbi Glines' books are a guilty pleasure for me. I love the Southern charm, the sexy boys, and the beautiful, sweet girls. When You're Back is the second book in Reese and Mase's story and other characters from my other favorite books all make appearances here. \n I loved River \"Captain\" Kipling! This guy is SEXY and broody. He is a bit mysterious and I am really looking forward to reading more about him! \n \"I can change your world, too, sweetheart. But I'll wait my turn.\" \n We also have Mase's cousin Aida here who gives the cold shoulder to sweet, loving Reese. I really liked how Reese blossomed in this book and how loving and devoted Mase is to her. He is one of my favorite of Abbi Glines' characters and he is definitely book boyfriend material. Their scenes are touching, sexy and sweet, just what I expect from the Rosemary Beach series. I liked this book and recommend it if you are looking for a sexy, quick summertime read!
1 Crying!! From laughter. This book would make a great movie! \n Alice Clayton writes funny. sexy, adult romantic comedies. There's plenty of steam and always just the right amount of emotional tension to deliver a good, light, satisfying read. \n Mai Tai'd Up is the story of Chloe and Lucas. This is a standalone and although Chloe was mentioned in Screwdrivered, you do not need to read the previous books! You can dive right in, and you will enjoy the story. \n Chloe is a \"runaway bride\" and realizes that she was not in love with her fiancee. Much to the horror of her very proper family, she picks up and moves away to begin a whole new chapter in her life. Her passion is reuse animals and she opens a rescue center for pit bulls. And that brings her to the handsome veterinarian in town, Lucas. \n The two begin a flirtation and and Chloe really begins to fall for Lucas. I mean, who wouldn't? A sexy vet? Hello! I loved their scenes together, and their relationship was a slow-build. There is one thing that Lucas can't stand, and when he finds out about Chloe's almost-trip to the altar, things blow up. \n I absolutely loved how independent and feisty Chloe was. She is no wallflower! She's smart and no pushover. Often heroines can be kind of a door mat but not Chloe. And there are plenty of really funny moments in this book to go along with the swoon-y romance. Overall I highly recommend this book for anyone looking for a fresh, fun and breezy read. Alice Clayton really knows how to deliver a well-written, well-paced story. Oh, and this is a great book for dog lovers! \n Favorite quote: \n Here's the thing about an enormous penis. They don't just live in romance novels ... \n \"Pardon me?\" he finally said, his hands frozen on my hips, his lips halfway down my neck. \n \"Sorry. Actually, not sorry. Actually, congratulations.\" I pointed down. \"This is kind of amazing.\" \n He threw his head back and laughed out loud. \n (*ARC provided by the publisher with thanks.)
1 6 STARS!!! \n Brilliant!! It took me a while to gather my thoughts on this story. I don't even know what to say about this book other than it was fan-freaking-tastic. Beth Flynn is a master storyteller. Let me stop right here and say that if you have not read Nine Minutes, you must must must read that book before starting this one. OUT OF TIME is filled with spoilers as well as a huge cast of characters that will have your head spinning if you have not yet read the first book. \n The events that occur in OOT are absolutely mind-boggling. Cathy and I both thought we knew where this story would go, but believe me, even in our wildest imaginations, we never could have guessed the twists and turns that occurred in this book. \n We are both huge Grizz fans. I loved him even more after reading the flashback scenes and learning about this childhood (such as it was.) His devotion/obsession with Ginny was more fully explained and the use of flashbacks was perfection. \n A word about that: Cathy is a tough reader, almost impossible to please, and she LOVED this book! She actually called it \"perfect\"! And that word sums up Beth Flynn's storytelling ability. Every character in Out of Time is essential, there are no throwaway scenes, and absolutely no unnecessary drama. Make no mistake, this book is violent, it is gritty but it is unbelievable gripping, intense and sexy. \n My heart broke several times over while reading this story. And while I am a GFFL (Grizz Fan for Life!), Beth Flynn did an amazing job with Grunt's character. His love for Ginny is endless. This is the kind of book that must be savored, re--read and discussed. There is that much going on. And the world of MC's is not in any way sugar-coated yet the story is immensely readable and unforgettable. \n At the core of this series is the love Grizz has for Ginny. It is unending. \n OUT OF TIME is without question one of the best books we have read this year. This series is a must-read. Don't miss out. \n \"The only truth you ever need to know is that my love for you is real and will never go away. And everything I've done, no matter how it looks, is so you could be protected. I never wanted to be without you, but it's not my choice now.\"
1 Tiffany Reisz's writing is pure perfection. Her books are among my all-time favorites and The King was an absolute delight to read, from beginning to end. I have always loved Kingsley Edge so I couldn't wait to read an entire book about him! And once again, the author completely captivated and enthralled me. \n \"He thought of nothing, remembered nothing, but felt everything.\" \n This book mainly tells the story of Kingsley's relationship with Soren but there are plenty of other characters making an appearance in this book. Of course, I am addicted to Kingsley and Soren so their scenes together are completely mind-blowing and absolutely satisfying. This is a very adult and sophisticated book, the prose is gorgeous and the dialogue is pure genius. \n Even though I though I know Kingsley's story, the author provides plenty of delicious surprises along the way. I LOVED this book!!! It's sexy, funny, incredibly dramatic and gut-wrenching and completely amazing. I did miss Nora, she is not really the focus of The King but she plays a pivotal role nonetheless. The focus here is on Kingsley and his story. I adored the author's snappy banter, smart storyline and very topical themes. \n \"What's your poison?\" the bartender asked, and Kinglsey answered, \"Blonds.\" \n The King is a must-read!! You will lose yourself in this book. I miss Kingsley already! \n (*ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 stars!! \n Maybe Not is the funny, sexy and un-put-downable story of Warren and Bridgette and their sometimes rocky and always passionate road from enemies to lovers. This is a novella spin-off of MAYBE SOMEDAY and must, must, must be read after MAYBE SOMEDAY, which by the way is one of my all-time favorites and is not to be missed. There is a major spoiler in this story that will take away a bit from your enjoyment of Maybe Someday if you are a first-time reader. \n Once again, Colleen delivers a fresh, perfectly-written, intense and witty storyline that kept me reading well into the night. Warren can't stand his new roommate Bridgette at first, but their constant bickering, fighting and pranking quickly turns into something more: \n \"Oh, my God. I'm obsessed. \n I'm like a stalker. \n I am a stalker.\" \n \"She's so confusing, She's so frustrating. She's so damn unpredictable. \n She's nothing I've ever wanted in a girl. And absolutely everything I need.\" \n I'm kinda obsessed with Colleen's characters and Maybe Not is no excerption. The dialogue and the story are flawless and remind me once again why I will read anything this woman writes. Oh, and there's also plenty of steam in this one to please every romance reader. Enjoy!
1 I can't quite put into words the beauty, heartbreak, emotions and sensuality of this book. Of course, Leah Raeder has a gift with words, that was evident from Unteachable and Black Iris. But Cam Girl took so many twists and turns that my head (and my heart) were left reeling. \n A book about love, acceptance, sexuality and I think also friendship and loyalty, Cam Girl is one of my favorite books of the year. There is a rawness to Ms. Raeder's writing that is addictive and very real and very challenging. Vada and Ellis kept me constantly guessing, constantly on edge and ultimately, left me with a much deeper understanding of the human condition. \n Vada is an artist who has become unable to draw like she had in the past. She is forced to drop out of grad school. But she never stops thinking like an artist and seeing the world through a artist's eyes. \n \"Art is an imperfect impression of the world. As the self is an imperfect impression of the soul.\" \n This story is about losing love, finding love and learning to love yourself. I highlighted so many parts of this book, that I can't possibly pick out my favorite quotes! Vada and Ellis' journey was suspenseful, sexy and breathtaking, and I'm not revealing more of the plot other than to say read the blurb, and then dive right into this fabulous, sexy and beautifully written book. Ms. Raeder's prose is lyrical and her words come alive on the page. \n \"My love is savage and rapacious. It isn't content to the touch. It wants to be inside, crawl into the marrow, caress each vein until the cells are all mixed up and there is no you and me anymore, no secrets or shadows sliding between our skin.\" \n Be prepared to be challenged. Cam Girl is not your everyday story. It is filled with unforgettable characters and a story I won't soon forget. Another must-read from Leah Raeder.
1 3.5 Stars!! \n Tessa and Luke. They absolutely can't stand each other...but really they are perfect for each other! All I Want is the second book in the Alabama Summer series and can be read as a standalone although it is recommended that you read Book #1 first. I have not read the first book and I still loved this second installment in the series. The sex is HOT, the attraction undeniable and the story fast-apced and gripping! Tessa and Luke are two incredibly stubborn people who just can't seem to stop torturing each other. Tessa broke up with Luke for what she thought was good reason (if a little misguided) and while he can't forgive her, he also can't seem to stay away from her, either. \n I'm a sucker for a hot Alpha in a uniform and Luke is one protective, sexy cop. He has a very, very painful family life, one that he hides from Tessa, much to her dismay. Despite her initial resentment of Luke, and jealousy over his random hook-ups, she really wants to be there for him emotionally. \n Much of this book is spent with these two fighting and then having scorching hot sex. J. Daniels can really write a super-hot, sexy and fast-paced read that will keep you very entertained. This book is as lighthearted as some of her other books but it is very enjoyable and I recommend it for fans of second-chance romance and super-hot, sexy, Southern Alphas who won't take no for an answer! And not to fear, these two have a HEA, even after all of their emotional ups and downs. And I can't wait for the next book in this series, Reed! Bring it on!", "date_added": "Tue Nov 25 10:42:56 -0800 2014
1 I can't say much about this book because I don't want to give the plot away but I was completely and totally immersed once again in the world of the Weavers and the Hawks!! This book has a little bit of a different tone to it than the previous books because there are lots of questions that are answered. This series is EPIC!! (And I would LOVE to see it made into a mini-series.) I'm in denial that there is only one more book left in this series! I don't know how Ms. Winters dreams up these plots, but I'm glad she has such an incredibly vivid imagination and I can't wait for the next book in the Weaver/Hawk family saga.", "date_added": "Sun Nov 23 16:28:51 -0800 2014
1 5 DARK AND SEXY STARS!!! \n Pepper Winters has created yet another richly woven story in Final Debt, along with even more backstory and fantastic insight into the series' characters. It is difficult for me to adequately describe my feelings about this book and the characters, first because I've read early copies of almost every one of them and second because Jethro and Nila are two of my favorite main characters. It is hard to say the word \"hero\" in the same sentence as Jethro because of the dark nature of this series, but trust me, he truly becomes the man he is meant to be in Final Debt. And the Epilogue? Pure gold. \n I was completely and utterly satisfied with the way the author concluded this series. My emotions were all over the place while reading this last book and the Epilogue. At times I was fearful that the worst would happen, and at other times I was hoping against hope that Nila and Jethro would overcome all of the dark forces that conspired against them. To say this book is an emotional roller coaster is an understatement. The historical-romance-themed tone of this series again shines through in this book and I am THRILLED at the announcement of a related book about William Hawk! The only thing that would make me happier is if these books were made into a movie or television series. \n Expect LOTS of surprises in this incredibly satisfying conclusion to the Indebted Series. My heart is breaking a little at saying goodbye to Jethro and Nila.
1 Having read and loved Incandescent, I couldn't wait to read Affliction, the second book in the Knight's Rebels MC series. Affliction was a but of a surprise, having a much more emotional story than the first book in the series. This book can absolutely be read as a standalone, although the characters are first introduced in Book One and some of the plot might be a little spoiler-ish. \n Sy is angry, gruff, and hard-edged, having suffered a very, very painful loss several years before. He spends the first part of the book acting like a complete jerk towards our heroine Holly, and at times I almost felt like the author was making him into a lost cause. Holly is spirited and outgoing and we first meet her in Book One. She meets Sy when her best friend becomes involved with the Club President. \n Holly, too, has spiraled into a very dark place and Sy is drawn to her and knows that he can help her overcome her emotional scars. I grew to love Sy while reading this book and absolutely adored the protective way he treated Holly. While this story might seem like it is dark and very emotional, the sex scenes are off the charts hot and very, very steamy. And, there is actually a beautiful love story here and a lovely message about forgiveness, acceptance and letting go of the past. All in all, this is a great story for all fans of MC romance. I can't wait to read more from this author! \n (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 Tessa Bailey is THE undisputed queen of dirty-talkers! Loved Bowen and Sera. \n Risking It All is sexy, hot and has a thriller aspect to it! I loved the whole undercover cop story and my word, Bowen is HOT!! And that's saying a lot for a TB hero. He is right up there with the dirtiest-talking alphas EVER. This story is fact-paced, action-filled and has tons and tons of heat, tension and sexy times. TB's books literally melt your Kindle and Risking It All is one of her hottest books ever. \n Favorite quote in the book: \n \"We both know it's only a matter of time before I'm pounding the purity right out of you.\" \n RIA is a passionate mix of romance and action and I highly recommend it for all fans of Ms. Tessa Bailey!! \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 An unblinking, unvarnished look inside the brutal life of a 70's MC gang. A perfect story with incredibly detailed references to South Florida in the 1970's. An ending that will take your breath away. Let the author stalking begin!
1 4 - 4.5 Sexy Stars!! \n Delicious!!! DARK WILD NIGHT is a very sexy, very readable, fast-paced story about two friends who want to move out of the dreaded friend zone. I had forgotten how incredibly HOT and sexy Christina Lauren's stories can be!! OLIVER!! \n Christina Lauren's stories are a book-crack addiction that I don't intend to give up! I didn't think I could love a couple any more than the other couples in this series but I was wrong. Oliver is sexy, sweet, romantic, and totally sensual and loving on top of it all!! No asshole-y-ness here, just a sexy-sweet, feel-good romance. \n I absolutely fell in love with Lola, she's a total geek and totally adorable. These two are the only ones of their group of friends who didn't stay married after the shenanigans in Las Vegas. But they are close friends who don't want to ruin a good thing by becoming involved romantically. Even though I knew what was ultimately in store for these two, it still didn't put a damper on my enjoyment of this lushly-written yet totally modern story. \n Oliver and Lola are two of the most \"real\" characters to date in this series. Lola is consumed with her work and Oliver backs off when she needs space. There is no unnecessary drama here, just two people who care deeply for each other, have smoking-hot chemistry but who have insecurities just like the rest of us. \n \"I don't think I've ever loved anyone quite like this. In this sort of giddy, obliterating game-changing way. Where I can see myself with her for the rest of my life...\" \n I feel in love with Oliver and can't wait for more yumminess from this awesome writing duo. \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 What a fresh and surprising story! Deliciously awkward, funny and sexy, Beautiful Secret is a fabulous addition to Christina Lauren's fantastic series of books. Niall Stella is irresistible!! He is stunning, sexy and smart, but he is definitely inexperienced when it comes to love, and his lack of self-confidence makes this book really different and very, very endearing. Ruby is hilarious and the cast of supporting characters is of course fabulous and make for lots of snappy banter. You will adore this book if you are a fan of Christina Lauren, and even if you've never read any of their books, this book definitely can be read as a standalone. Super-hot, funny and very fast-paced, Beautiful Secret hits all the high notes and is definitely a must-read!! \n (Thanks to the publisher for an ARC.)
1 An unblinking, unvarnished look inside the brutal life of a 70's MC gang. A perfect stroy with incredibly detailed referenced to South Florida in the 1970's. An ending that will take your breath away. Let the author stalking begin!
1 4.5 - 5 stars!! \n TIGHT is another unexpected, gripping, very sexy story from Alessandra Torre. It is best that you don't read much about this book before going in, so that you can read it with a fresh eye. The plot is nothing that I expected and delivered a thrilling, one-two punch that came out of left field! \n On its surface, the story is a contemporary erotic romance between Riley and Brett. They meet while she is attending a bachelorette party and like most books by Ms. Torre, there are other factors at play here that are lurking just below the surface. The chemistry between the two is undeniable, the sexy times are off the charts, and the action is heart-stopping and fast-paced. This is not a light-hearted book, it takes very dark turns but if you stick with this book you will be rewarded with a very satisfying ending. \n Riley is a very strong heroine and Brett is unforgettable. And talk about the steam factor! SWOON! Tight is a fairly quick read, mostly because you won't be able to put it down. It does not contain huge twists but it does deliver an absolutely fantastic story with a very strong heroine and a totally swoon-worthy Alpha hero. Don't miss this one!!
1 Get ready to be enthralled by the next part of Nila and Jet's story! There are scenes of intense passion, heartbreaking deceit, frightening and truly evil characters, and heart-stopping action. There's almost a historical vibe to this book, but it is most definitely a contemporary, sexy and very erotic story. I am literally on pins and needles waiting for the next installment. I need more Jethro!!
1 4.5 stars!! \n Pam Godwin is at the top of my list of favorite authors. Her dark and thrilling stories are among my most treasured books so I was absolutely thrilled to read a copy of Dirty Ties. I loved the crime/thriller/revenge twists in this story. As with all of Ms. Godwin's books, the characters are engaging, the story is twisted, and the steam factor is completely off the charts. \n Kaci is highly educated, hard working and a loyal wife to Collin. Their unconventional marriage has led to a lonely life for Kaci and she is desperately seeking the intimacy that is missing from with her husband. Her fascination with the underground racing circuit in Chicago leads her to the mysterious \"Evader\", a man who has plenty of secrets himself. These two become enmeshed in a dangerous game that will certainly leave one the of them broken. \n I love how Ms. Godwin always writes very strong heroines who aren't afraid to go after what they want. Her women are determined, smart and driven, and Kaci is no different. She might have met her match with a sexy man she meets one night, and these two together were absolute magic! \n \"She was a wild card, and that fucking terrified me.\" \n Lightening up this dark and sexy story are some humorous moments which were a welcome relief from the intense storyline. I especially loved Kaci and Collin's interactions and Kaci's internal debates, especially when it came to the hot new guy she meets: \n \"What about me?\" The possessive hand on my thigh clenched. \"Are you interested?\" \n Oh, let me count the ways. And each one led to heartbreak.\" \n There were lots of twists and turns in this one! Loved the story. Dirty Ties is another great book from Pam Godwin! \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 stars!! \n I read The Hurricane in one sitting and was completely surprised by this fantastic debut book!! This story went way beyond my expectations and I absolutely fell in love with Cormac O'Connell. This book is not a standard fighter romance, but instead takes its time developing the characters, their relationships and the secondary characters in this story. I loved it all! And I especially loved the British flavor to this book. \n While this book has PLENTY of steam and sexy times, Emily and Cormac's relationship is not just based on sex - they start off slowly as friends, because she is literally scared of her own shadow and frightened of a relationship with a man. Emily McCarthy is sweet, quite, smart and anti-social. It takes Cormac, to me a gentle giant, to slowly bring her out of her shell. \n \"Safe is boring.\" \n Emily is hard-working and paying her own way through University. She doesn't want to fall for Cormac but he takes things gradually, and vows to protect her no matter what. Eventually she learns to trust him and to let herself actually feel something for another person. \n \"He was the loud to my quiet, the confidence to my shyness, the rage to my pain. Separately, we were broken and alone. Together, we were blissfully happy and complete and every time that we made love was a celebration.\" \n There is plenty of tension in this fast-paced story and I adored the secondary characters as well. The Hurricane is a stellar debut novel and I cannot wait to read more from this author!! \n (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 stars!! LOVED this one. And the ending...what??! Great story, could not put this one down. Highly recommended.
1 4.5 - 5 hot and wild stars!! \n How I love the writing duo of K.A. Merikan. I will read anything that these two write. And Tooth, OMG, I know he's gay, but I think he might be my new book boyfriend!! He's bearded, huge, tough and unexpectedly tender with Lucifer. But don't even ask where he got the nickname of Tooth! \n Although this is the second book in a series, the books can be read as standalones. In The Devil's Ride, Tooth is ordered to protect the Club President's son and at first, it is a painful, unwanted chore. Luci is a brat and very out of the closet, very different than Tooth. But he is crazy about Tooth, even if a little scared of him, and even acts out so that Tooth will \"punish\" him. Although I absolutely adored the smexy times between these two, and they are SCORCHING HOT, I also loved the gritty and very violent look inside MC life. This is not a sugar-coated story at all. I loved the underlying story about a crime the MC is trying to solve. (Not for the faint of heart!) \n I absolutely adored the slow-burn of Tooth and Luci's relationship. It made their love scenes together all the sweeter. And did I mention that K.A. Merikan can write some of the most erotic sex scenes out there? You will need a cold shower after reading The Devil's Ride!! I couldn't put this book down and I literally can't wait for the next book in this series. \n (*ARC provided by the authors in return for an honest review.)
1 3.5 - 4 Stars!! \n I enjoyed this hockey book a lot and recommend it for anyone who likes a good, hot sports story with a lot of heart. Alex is an incredibly gifted hockey player who comes from an abusive background which is now affecting his game and his relationship with his teammates. \n As part of a penalty, he is required to volunteer at a local drug-abuse prevention program alongside the beautiful and selfless Sutton. She is different from the hockey groupies who throw themselves at him, but at first he is a total jerk to her. No matter. Sutton sees the wounded person inside and they begin to fall for each other, even as he tries to push her away emotionally. \n \"I've been a prick far longer than I've been charming. You're seeing a new side to me, but you know the old is bound to come out.\" \n \"We all have days when our monsters come out, Alex. You're not going to scare me off if I see yours.\" \n Sutton is feisty and educated and sees through Alex's B.S. She, too, comes from a dysfunctional family but unlike Alex, she has a positive outlook and is very close to her family. Will she be able to bring out the best in Alex and help him overcome his past demons? This book has more layers than a typical sports romance story and the characters really grew on me. I loved the hockey scenes and the steam factor between these two is AMAZING. \n I have one tiny issue with this story, and I have found that it is not just unique to this book. Why can't a heroine be on birth control because she doesn't want to get pregnant? Why does it have to be to regulate her periods? This did not affect my enjoyment of the book, I am just surprised to see this recur over and over again in books. Overall, I really like the author's writing style. Alex is a sweetly sexy story with a heroine who is no pushover. It is a quick, romantic read with a VERY satisfactory conclusion. I actually found myself tearing up near the end! I also LOVED the other team members and I know they will have some great stories, too. \n (*ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
1 What do you get when you mix Colleen Hoover and Tarryn Fisher together? A thrilling, fast-paced, GRIPPING and memorable story called Never Never. If you have ever read anything written by Colleen Hoover, you know you are getting rich characters, an unforgettable plot and just all around amazing stories. And Tarryn Fisher has an imagination that can't be rivaled! Ever read her The Love Me With Lies series? Amazing. And Never Never ranks right up there with these writers' best books. \n From the first words of this book, I was left feeling like someone pulled the rug out from under me. This overall feeling of disorientation is vital to the story, and the authors pulled it off with great success. I sympathized with the characters, felt their confusion, and could not stop turning the pages! This isn't exactly a paranormal story, and I cannot wait to see where the story goes. This review is brief because this book is best read without knowing too much about the plot. It is highly imaginative, inventive and very, very different. Don't miss this one!! \n (SIGNED giveaway at http://www.thebookbellas.com) \n (*ARC provided by the authors in return for an honest review)
1 5 Compelling, Un-put-down-able Stars!! \n \"I'd discovered sex at a really young age, completely by happenstance, and like music, it had touched a nerve with me. I still craved that feeling, that closeness, and I sought it out as often as I could. I wasn't picky about who I slept with--older, younger, attractive, homely, mothers, girlfriends, wives. Who they were didn't matter to me, I only cared that they were interested. That probably wasn't the best thing to admit, but it was the truth. Sex was a release for me. It made me feel like a part of something bigger than myself, made me feel connected to the world around me. And I needed to feel that way. My life was full of empty spaces.\" \n And so begins this unexpectedly sexy and compelling book told from Kellan Kyle's POV. Forget that you think you know Kellan and Kiera's story, Thoughtful is a fresh and emotional story and is an absolute must-read!! \n This book is a tribute to the fantastic talent that is S.C. Stephens. Kellan's voice is very male, very original and very, very sexy! My heart once again ached for him as we were given a peak inside his head and inside his heart. This story gives us insight into Kellan and Kiera's undeniable attraction, the heartache they both experienced and some amazing sexy times between the two of them. It is painful but compelling and I could not put this book down. \n \"For a brief second, I wondered what she really thought about me. Did she know anything about me besides my name and that I was in a band? Did she realize I screamed my heart out in my lyrics? Did she understand that my life left me feeling vacant inside? That I was so fucking lonely I almost couldn't stand myself? Would she want to know any of that? Or was the fact that I was a \"rock star\" enough for her? Like it was for all the other girls I'd slept with.\" \n I absolutely loved the music scenes and they are an integral part of this book. I literally swooned all over again reading Thoughtful. \n \"When it was time for us to go play, a familiar feeling washed over me--anxiousness mixed with peace. As I walked up the steps to the stage worn with use, I felt the remnants of who I was melting off me. Onstage, none of my worries touched me. It was like I was a different person. Like I was acting, and yet I was being more truthful than I ever was off the stage. I bled my heart out while I was performing, not that many people truly noticed; they were too busy enjoying the showmanship to dig beneath the surface of the words. There was safety in the scrutiny, anonymity in the spotlight. I felt invincible up there. Just me and my guitar.\" \n The loneliness, the pain of first love...it is all here and more. Thoughtful is a must-read and I applaud the author for giving us an amazingly fresh and new look at the irresistible Kellan Kyle. Thoughtful is must-read! Enjoy!
1 4.5 - 5 STARS \n \"This is hardly love.\" \n \"Then it's hardly lust.\" \n \"Then we'll just call it us.\" \n ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS!!! TURBULENCE was perfectly DIRTY, funny and smart. I could not put it down. There are books that fulfill a certain reading mood, and this juicy story was just what I needed. I totally connected with Gillian and Jake, and more importantly, FELT their connection, too. \n The chapter headings in this book are priceless and the story line was incredibly creative. Just when I thought the author was taking a predictable path, the plot veered off into unexpected territory. Our hero Jake is cold, distant and sarcastic, but boy can he fuck. He is a MACHINE. He has a woman waiting in every city. When our heroine Gillian meets him, they both agree to a strictly-sex arrangement. But of course you know that one of them is going to fall hard and get their heart broken. But it's what happens along the way that makes for a yummy, delicious, insanely addictive story. And oh my God, the sex in this book is burning hot. I mean this is totally NSFW, reading-under-the-covers kind of sex. \n \"We'll always be fucking, Gillian\" He smiled, biting my lip before tossing me onto the bed. \"That's the best part of us.\" \n This book would have been 5 stars for me except for some minor details. It might seem clever to name characters after real authors, but to me, it cheapens the story. Many readers will recognize one of the main characters in this book but again, that detail lessened the impact of the story to me. Finally, proofreading would have helped to correct certain inconsistencies in the story. \n BUT overall, I adored this book and completely devoured it!! I highly recommend TURBULENCE and can't wait for more from this author! \n \"You're still my anomaly, Gillian,\" he said softly. \"You always will be.\"
1 PURE PERFECTION!! \n I could read only Kristen Ashley books and be very happy. RIDE STEADY is another slam-dunk winner from the Queen of Alphas, with a story that ripped my heart out and characters that I won't soon forget. Joker might be one Ms. Ashley's most unforgettable Alphas ever, a man who rose from a painful and loveless childhood to become a patched-in Brother of the Chaos MC. Chaos became his family, and the MC recognized the fire burning in Joker that would serve the club well. \n \"He was at the shop window, empty pockets, face pressed to the glass, starin' at what he wanted but couldn't have. I'll wager, to survive, he's banked that fire. We gotta help him direct it and make sure if it flares bright, it doesn't burn him out.\" \n Carissa Teodoro's life becomes entwined with Joker's, as the two former high school classmates meet again years later. Let me just say that this book is so incredibly gripping and heartbreaking and sexy, that I am tempted to re-read it to experience these feelings all over again! She was once the golden girl who had it all, and he was the boy from the wrong side of the tracks. Their story spans years and that is what I love about Ms. Ashley's writing: there is no Insta-love here, instead, our hero and heroine have a shared history that adds a depth and richness to this book. \n \"Yeah, Carrie,\" he answered. \"It's you. It's always been you. It'll always be you. Fuckin' always.\" \n Joker is a sexy, bad-ass Alpha biker that has zero interest in relationships, or in real friendships for that matter, since he has a hard time opening up to anyone about his feelings or his past. That is what makes his relationship with Carrie so poignant: this is a man who is so closed off and afraid of emotional bonds that he has been alone (and lonely) most of his life. \n Carrie draws his out just by being herself. She is going through a messy and painful divorce, has a baby, is struggling to make ends meet and has a ton of emotional baggage. She is not perfect but she is open to love and gives her heart unconditionally to Joker. \n \"Rule,\" he stated instantaneously. \n His strange word made me blink at the lockers. \"Sorry?\" \n \"Rule. You can't be like that on the phone. You can only be like that when I can kiss you.\" \n I lifted a hand and pressed it to the cold steel of my locker, leaning into it because my knees suddenly wouldn't support me. \n \"You hear me?\" he asked. \"Yes, Joker.\" \n OH. EM. GEE!! *SWOON* I can't say enough about Ride Steady. Plus some of my favorite bad-ass Alphas from Ms. Ashley's other books make appearances here! Dead. There is also a sneak peek at the next Chaos book at the end of Ride Steady and it sounds amazing. Joker and Carissa's story is beautiful, thrilling and passionate. Ride Steady is a must-read! \n Favorite quotes: \n \"Butterfly, you're cute all the time, cuter some times more than others, and it's fucked up because right now you're bein' a pain in the ass and this is one of those times that you're cuter. But you gotta get this so you can get over it. My old man doesn't exist for me. I left him and that life behind, and I don't want it back in any way it can come back.\" \n \"We are who cares about us.\" \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 Locke is the last book in the Corps Security Series. Although each book can be read as a standalone, the series is fantastic and you really get a sense of the strong camaraderie and history between the characters if you read the series. It is hard to say goodbye to these beloved characters but Harper Sloan does in in style with Locke. \n Locke has a horrible relationship with his family as does Emmy, each in a different way. They both suffer terrible emotional (and physical) abuse. Locke has been convinced by his family that he is worthless, evil, bad, etc., so it is no wonder that he believes he has nothing to offer anyone, let alone Emmy. \n Emmy has always loved Locke and when these two finally get together, it's the usual hot and fiery Corps-Security, bad-ass Alpha way! Locke won't let anyone or anything harm his Emmy and she helps him finally confront his own personal demons. \n This is a fast-paced, really sexy and hot read. I love this series and fell in love with all the Corps Security men. Locke's family felt a little over the top to me, almost cartoonish in their behavior but other than that, I loved this book and highly recommend it. \n (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 Skye Warren is my go-to author for dark, sexy, richly-written erotica. Annika Martin is a new author to me and now I want to read all of her books, too! As with all of Skye's books, the hero Grayson (yes, he is a hero to me) is darkly sexy, dangerous, forbidden and completely overpowering. He knows his power and attraction and he uses it against those weaker than him. Unfortunately it is a survival skill he learned at a very young age. Abigail meets him in prison when she is picked to teach a writing course to the inmates. But very quickly she realizes that Grayson is dangerously attractive, untrustworthy and dishonest. Or is he? \n This book literally kept be turning the pages until the middle of the night. There is no right and wrong in this book, only two extremely damaged and vulnerable people who quickly become the target of a massive manhunt. Prisoner takes one thrilling turn after another, and Abigail, who fought Grayson with all her might, slowly realizes that all is not as it seems. \n I loved Abigail's bravery in the face of absolute and complete danger. At first it seems as though Grayson would just as soon kill her than f*** her. But as with all for Skye's books (and I will assume Annika's books as well), this intensely sexual man is struggling with his own inner demons. Grayson makes no apologies for his actions. But will he and Abby survive all of the forces out to destroy them. \n I couldn't put this book down. The prose is perfect and the story thrilling, sexy and even tender and heartbreaking at times. It is told in alternating point-of-views which gives great insight into Grayson's motivations. I was devastated to see this story end and I can only hope that the authors intend to write more stories including Grayson's crew. I absolutely loved Prisoner. It is gritty, raw, sexy, very layered and nuanced. Highly recommended.
1 4.5 stars! Wow. This book will stay with me for a very long time. Full review to come.
1 6 STARS!!! \n \"...the problem with books is that they end. They seduce you. They spread their legs to you and pull you inside. And you go deep and leave your possessions and your ties to the world at the door and you like it inside and you don't want for your possessions or your ties and then, the book evaporates.\" \n Every word, every line of this book is PERFECT. I have never been so creeped out, or laughed so hard. I'm obsessed with Joe Goldberg! \n Joe is obsessed with Beck. But I mean, hack into her email, stalk her every move kind of obsessed. And he is sick. Very, very sick. But that doesn't stop Caroline Kepnes from making him one of the funniest, creepiest, saddest, meanest and kindest characters of all time. He just wants Beck to love him. And that is no easy feat. Beck is at once smart, self-involved, funny, cruel and naive, but Joe is very, very determined. \n \"You are a woman and I am a man and we belong in the dark together and you smell good, pure. I like that.\" \n This is not a romance but it is without a doubt one of the most memorable books I have ever read. Just when you think Joe has sunk to a new low, he goes even lower. He is perverted and weird and I am obsessed with him!! This book is filled with absolutely unforgettable characters. And the jokes about New York City living are the best. As is the sarcastic, witty and biting commentary on modern life in general. \n I highlighted practically the entire book. I can't recommend YOU highly enough. It is a weird, wild ride.
1 4.5 Deliciously Thrilling Stars!! \n \"He had the manners of a gentlemen all wrapped up in the cutthroat harshness of a criminal.\" \n Just...WOW!! I am a huge fan of Pepper Winters and RUIN & RULE is another dark, action-packed and twisted tale from this incredibly talented writer. \n If you're a fan of MC books, then you add this one to your must-read list!! It has it all, a strong, beautiful and spirited heroine, a tortured, complicated hero, tons of action and lots and lots of complicated plot twists and turns. \n PURE IN THOUGHTS AND VENGEANCE. CORRUPT IN ALL THINGS THAT MATTER, and the symbolism of what he stood for. Biker. \n I was on pins and needles from the first page of this book. I experienced the disorientation of our heroine, Sarah/Cleo, as she woke to the horrific reality of being held captive by a vicious MC gang. She feels a glimmer of recognition when she sees Arthur \"Kill\" Killian, but from where? When? I kept turning the pages to find the answers. Does Kill know her? Why is he so ruthless? There are so many to this story! Sarah/Cleo has lost her memory and her only clues to her past are tiny flashes of memories that come to her fleetingly. She feels a connection to Kill, but why? \n \"I'm no one. And no one would've helped me. In my world--you survive or you die. You don't rely on others to make sure you do either one. It's the very first fucking lesson you learn.\" The pain in his voice notched around my heart, squeezing. \n I loved the small glimpses from Kill's POV. This book is a fantastic bundle of delicious mysteries all wrapped up in a sexy, dangerous biker package. Despite his hardened demeanor, Kill slowly allows himself to feel something for our heroine, all the while knowing his feelings could be the end of him. \n For the first time in my godforsaken life, I felt... felt something instead of the cold hatred of vengeance. It gave me strength all while making me weak. I wanted more. Therefore, I had to stop. Before she destroyed me--just like all the rest. \n Pepper Winters made me feel sorry for Kill, despite his outwardly vicious demeanor. This was a man who had suffered terribly and been horribly mistreated. But by whom? Many answers are revealed but I am definitely craving more. \n \"I'd been spoon-fed lies all my life. I'd become a master at smelling untruths. And the woman currently residing in my home--the woman who'd healed me -- smelled terrifyingly toxic. A scent that made me want to run with one heartbeat and then fuck her with the next. She made me face things I was no longer strong enough to face. She made me look past her scam and crave.\" \n RUIN & RULE is told through a series of flashbacks interwoven with the present-day story. Pepper Winters is the mistress of a gripping and intense story and this one is no exception. Just when I though I knew what the outcome would be, she proved me wrong. RUIN & RULE is also a STUNNINGLY beautiful love story and succeeds as a romance on every level. There is a twist at the end and I cannot wait to get the next chapter in Kill and Cleo's story!! \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 Debt is one of the darkest, most erotic books I have ever read. This story is not for the faint of heart so heed the warnings, but if you are ready for a stunning, thrilling, twisted and emotional story, then Debt is for you. \n A suspenseful and revenge-filled tale, Debt had me on the edge of my seat from the first page. I highlighted so much of this book that I could fill this review with amazing passages but read it for yourself and experience this fantastic and sexy story. I have never read a book by Nina Jones and she absolutely blew me away by this story. \n \"This man is my stalker, my terrorizer, my lover.\" \n Told in flashbacks and in alternating POV's, Debt is a story about Tax Draconi, who has come to settle an old debt from Mia Tibbett. He at first appears to be filled with hate, revenge and basically, with pure evil. His actions throughout much of the book are absolutely unforgivable. But the author is an absolute genius at making me actually love Tax and empathize with him. The scenes with Mia are beyond explicit. Tax brings new meaning to the phrase \"dirty talker\". \n \"It's what I do when it comes to women. I can't give them affection, or love, or intimacy. That all died in me long ago. So I give what I can: Relief. Pleasure. Abandon.\" \n The focus of his plan is Mia, who remains mostly clueless about why Tax hates her so much, but still finds herself powerless under his erotic spell. He owns her, body and soul. She realizes that he has ruined her for other men and despite his evil ways, she still feels compelled to try to break through his wicked exterior. \n \"Is it possible Tax could be everything I need in a man? He has the fire that burns me and awakens me. That was the thing I had been looking for, and it is so uniquely hard to find.\" \n The trauma that Tax and his twin sister Jude suffered at a young age is hinted at throughout the story and when finally revealed, sheds light on his behavior and Jude's thirst for revenge against Mia as well. This book might shock you but the story flows and the characters are unforgettable. I found a few minor inconsistencies with the story which in no way took away from my enjoyment of this dark, sexy. erotic, dark and fantastic story. I was distraught that Debt ended and I am waiting not-so-patiently for more from Ms. Nina G. Jones! \n (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 What a passionate and intense love story!! Broken Juliet is THE perfect ending to Cassie and Ethan's epic journey. \n I loved this book because it mixes both love and heartbreak seamlessly. I was so wrapped up in Cassie and Ethan's grand love story that I was thrown completely off-balance (just like Cassie!) when things would go wrong. And I loved every single minute of it!! The author once again switched between both past and present here, and while the back-and-forth can be jarring in some books, it worked perfectly here. \n Broken Juliet picks up literally right where Bad Romeo ended. Ethan has broken Cassie's heart more than once and he is begging her for another chance. Cassie has finally moved on with her life and cannot believe that Ethan has finally changed and is open to really love her. One of the many, many things that I loved about this book is that it mixes in plenty of humor with the heartbreak and passion. Cassie is tentatively letting Ethan back into her life but she is trying her best to move slowly so her heart doesn't get trampled once again. Her inner monologue can be hilarious: \n \"I can't drive. Is it cool for me to sleep on the couch?\" \n No. Get out before I mount you. \n Broken Juliet is a heart-pounding, passionate love story above all else. Leisa's writing is flawless and the chemistry between her two main characters absolutely off the charts. I was so connected with Ethan and Cassie that I was on the edge of my seat reading this book. And when Ethan gives Cassie his journals to read? Perfection. Cassie finally understands what was going on inside Ethan's head when he left her in drama school years before. These two share a passion and a love that is undeniable and absolutely breathtaking: \n \"This man represents so many things to me. He was my first true friend. My first love. First lover. The master of more pleasure than I knew existed, and the architect of more heartache than I thought I could endure.\" \n I also really loved the behind-the-scenes look into the world of theatre. I appreciated the author's insights into the world of stage actors and the acting process. Some of my favorite scenes take place when Ethan and Cassie are in drama school, these are soul-baring, painful and beautiful passages to read. I can't recommend this series highly enough and I am totally addicted to Ethan Holt!! Both books are out now, so get reading! \n 4.5 passionate and heart-pounding stars!! \n Favorite quotes: \n The thing about developing an addiction is that it happens so quietly, you don't know how much trouble you're in until it's too late. It tiptoes through the rooms of your mind and body, gently inserting hooks and strings into every cell, until you don't know where you end and it begins. And untangling that web is nearly impossible. \n This is more than lust. It's even more than love. It's imperative. Mindless, bloody-minded need. I can't kiss him deep enough, or hold him close enough. \n (ARC provided by the publisher with thanks.)
1 5 perfect stars!!! \n Well. Where do I begin? Bad Romeo is one of my favorite books of the year. It is the perfect blend of coming-of-age, intense longing, heartache, friendship and first love. The story is told in a mix of present-day and flashbacks which can be confusing but work perfectly here. Ethan Holt is the classic bad-boy, who smashed Cassie Taylor's heart when they were drama students. Flash-forward to present day, when they are both cast as the leads in a Broadway play. Told from Cassie's point of view, the book follows their completely tortured, angst-filled relationship. But don't be scared away: this book is raunchy, laugh-out-loud funny and will keep you turning the pages to see what will happen next. \n Can Cassie work with Ethan again after what he did to her in the past? She can't seem to stay away from him and Leisa Rayven gives a wonderful, slow-build story that kept me reading until the wee hours of the night. I was fascinated by the behind-the-scenes look at the theatre world and the sometimes-painful description of the acting process. And even though this is a New Adult novel, it is incredibly sexy and steamy and filled with just the right blend of longing and sexual release. And Cassie, what a fantastic heroine! She's smart, tough-on-the-outside but very vulnerable, and funny as hell. I fell in love with Ethan Holt and even though he was portrayed as a jerk, felt sympathetic towards him because of his tortured past. I can't say enough about this book!! \n After I finished this book, I was fascinated to read that it originally began as fan fiction. How did I not know this? I am now officially addicted to this series and this author. I highlighted practically the entire book. The ending was perfection and I am literally counting the days until the next book, Broken Juliet!! \n (*ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 stars!! \n Looking for a different kind of story, but one with scorching hot sex scenes and a strong heroine? Read Uncivilized now! I was completely unprepared to fall in love with Zach but I did and I miss him already. There are some books that merely recite one sex scene after another, with no emotional connection between the characters and writing that fails to connect the reader with the characters. Well, not Uncivilized. Ms. Bennett has written a sensitive, interesting, very different story with absolutely memorable characters that will stay with me for a long time. \n Zach at first comes across as a somewhat cold, savage man who will never become acclimated to the modern world. But is that such a bad thing? As the story progresses, Moira becomes more willing to bend towards Zach's way of life and his belief system. And this man is HOT HOT HOT. The book's sex scenes are absolutely among the most gorgeous, lush and loving scenes I have ever read. \n This book could have been a cliche but it's most definitely not. I loved the world created by Ms. Bennett and I highly recommend Uncivilized. Enjoy! And have a freezer nearby! \n (*ARC provided by the author in return for a honest review.)
1 3 1/2 stars!! \n Dark. Dark. Dark. Those were my first thoughts upon finishing Raze. I love a good dark and gritty romance and Raze fits the bill. This book is filled with intense drama and brutal scenes of torture so be warned. I have a very strong threshold for dark reads, but there was an extra element that didn't quite sit well with me. That being said, this book has an incredibly creative storyline and some hot, steamy, passionate and over-the-top sex scenes that are alone worth reading the book for. \n This story is told in flashbacks. Raze was brutally ripped from his home as a teenager and subjected to all kinds of physical and mental abuse at the hands of an underground fighting ring. He loses his memories of his family and his childhood and literally turns into a fighting machine, bent on revenge against the monster who put him away. These scenes in the underground are difficult, tough and gritty. \n Raze has the vaguest memories of a girl who is Kisa, the daughter of a New York Russsian mobster. She, too, is condemned to a live of confinement as the fiancee of Alik, a sadisitic, brutal and controlling fighter. The stage is set for her past and her present to collide. Will she able to save Raze from almost-certain death? Will Raze ever remember Kisa, the only girl he ever loved? \n \"I've seen too many bad things with these eyes. This, I will feel in my heart.\" \n There are scenes of incredible beauty in this book along with scenes so brutal they are difficult to get through. But all in all, this story kept me turning the pages to see where these characters' journeys would take them. I was cheering for Kisa to stand up to Alik and rooting for Raze to be able to find the peace he so desperately needed. If you like gritty fighter stories, then Raze is the book for you!
1 Whatever you think you know about this book, you're wrong!! Filled with THE most amazing plot twists and gorgeous moments, November 9 literally took my breath away, This book is on my favorites lists, not just of 2015 but of all time. It is absolutely unforgettable!! \n I read this book in one sitting and was absolutely devastated when it ended!! The writing is so perfect, the story is so creative and the characters are so vivid that I felt like a piece of me was missing was I finished this book. I felt like I knew Ben and Fallon personally, that's how expressive Colleen Hoover's writing is. \n Fallon is damaged goods, growing up in Hollywood and having survived both emotional and physical trauma when she and Ben meet. \n \"One of the things I always try to remind myself is that everyone has scars,\" she says. \"A lot of them even worse than mine. The only difference is that mine are visible and most people's aren't.\" \n Fallon and Ben are only teenagers when they first meet, literally on the eve of her big move to New York City. Could what Fallon feels for Ben be real and lasting? Only time will tell, as they make a pact to meet only once a year until she turns 23. No contact, no social media stalking, nothing, until their annual \"dates\". Fallon believes that this is the only way for her to be mature enough and self-reliant enough to be in a relationship with Ben. She is determined not to lose herself in a man. \n But oh so much can happen in the time in between, and as the story unfolds from the past to the present, I began to realize what this book was really about. My heart broke for both Fallon and for Ben, and I was completely taken aback by the path this story took. \n There are SO many memorable moments in this book, and they all took my breath away. Imagine think you have met your soul mate, only to see them once a year for the next few years! I wanted to scream at Fallon and Ben to grab onto their love and never let it go. \n \"Please say yes. Please tell me you aren't finished falling in love with me yet.\" \n Don't miss November 9!! It is yet another flawless book from Colleen Hoover. \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 stars!! Holy hotness! \n The minute I saw Aleks Voinov's name in the acknowledgements, I knew I would LOVE this book, and I was right! His epic work Special Forces is one of my favorite books. Please heed the author warnings about Guns N' Boys, this is a dirrrrrrrty, homoerotic, violent crime thriller. But wow, what a ride! This book grabbed me from the first page an did not let go. \n Seth is the son of a crime lord and is rescued and secreted home by the irresistibly sexy, dangerous and dominant Domenico. The two were childhood friends but hadn't seen or spoken to each other in years. \n \"Domenico was the human equivalent of his motorbike. Fast and dangerous, yet impossible to resist taking a ride on, even at the risk of getting hurt.\" \n This book is a fast-paced, super-sexy, graphic and very intense story of two men in a forbidden relationship. Seth and Dom could not be more different, but yet find themselves drawn to each other. They must hide their relationship, and the underlying tension between these two had me on the edge of my seat. \n There is a fantastic surprise for fans of the Dark Souls series!! Even if you haven't read the series, you will love the character of Sylvio. Guns N' Boys is a super-hot, incredibly well-written, steamy thriller. If you want to move outside your comfort zone and you love M/M books, then I highly recommend Guns n' Boys. There will be more books in this series and I absolutely cannot wait for the next installment! \n For an EXCERPT and GIVEAWAY, go here --> The Book Bellas
1 3.5 - 4 stars!! Review to follow for blog tour.
1 4.5 Stars!! \n WHOA!! Ricochet was un-putdownable!! Very, very dark, violent and sexy. Loved the fast-paced story. Great book for dark romance fans. \n Told in dual POV's, Ricochet pulled me in from the first page and was one of those books that I could not put down. The storyline is very fresh, very original and very, very violent and dark. Which I totally loved. \n Nick is hell-bent on the revenge of his family's violent death and Aubree is a pawn in his scheme. But she is trapped in a hellish world of her own, in a marriage to a sadistic, powerful man from whom she is all to relieved to escape. \n Even before Nick abducts her, Aubree is fascinated with a mysterious masked man who warns Detroit's ruling elite that the city's criminal element is coming down: \n \"I'd become obsessed with him just the same. Behind that mask was a mastermind of the most notorious computer hacks the city had ever known. His bold threats, his willingness to take on my psychopathic husband, had turned him into my own personal fantasy. \n Is Nick the same, myserious dark avenger? Ricochet is not your average dark-romance kidnap story. Nick is cruel to Aubree but she slowly becomes obsessed with him, and he with her. Even though she started out as just a faceless pawn in his game. \n \"I'd fallen in lust with a complete stranger, strictly on the basis that he happened to scare the shit out of my husband. \n Aubree sees the hurt and pain behind Nick's rage and he slowly realizes that Aubree has suffered as well: \n \"I saw darkness in her beauty, and she saw beauty in my darkness. Yin and yang. Black and white. Beauty and scars; fury and forgiveness. She should've been my nemesis, but in her, I found something I didn't know I was looking for.\" \n The law of the streets rule in this book and the action is gritty and unrelenting. And there is a HUGE twist at the end that I did not see coming. Ricochet is a great fast-paced, emotional, gritty and VERY sexy read that I highly recommend.
1 4.5 stars!!! \n Cathy and I read this book together which has become a rarity lately! We both loved this book and found it to be a beautifully written, heartfelt story filled with amazing and memorable characters. And Gus, hello!! What an amazing guy!! Perfect. He's loyal, sexy, honest, hard-working and always there for Kate. \n This book tackles some very sensitive subjects so this will be a completely spoiler-free review. Kate is very funny, tough on the outside, and gives a lesson in what's important in life to just about everyone she meets. Cathy is not a huge fan of mature young adult novels and even she loved this one! \n \"Katie didn't just look on the bright side, she lived there.\" \n And let's not forget Keller. We loved Kate with Keller! Once their slow-build relationship picked up steam, they were irresistible together. The alternating POV's told in the form of diary entries worked great in this book and really gave great insight into each of the character's state of mind. Keller grew emotionally and matured over the course of the story which was a beautiful thing to see. \n \"Just when you think you know someone, they change. Or you change. Or maybe you both change. And that changes everything.\" \n I loved the book and would have really adored more steamy scenes between Keller and Kate. Cathy would have liked a little deeper exploration into the music scene. But we both loved Bright Side and think that Ms. Holden is an amazingly talented writer. \n There are many secrets in this book and you will really enjoy it much more if you don't know what they are. This book will make you laugh, cry and and get lost in the story. Don't miss this one. And we are doing a happy dance because it looks like Gus will be getting his own story next year! SQUEEE!! \n \"DO EPIC\"
1 Dark. Sexxxxxy. Incredibly hypnotic. Jethro is complex, dangerous and absolutely irresistible! Pepper Winters has woven a tale of deception, lust, danger and thrills, and the story keeps getting better and better. If you like getting lost in a book, I can't think of a better series than this one. These characters have totally gotten under my skin and I won't soon forget them. An absolute must-read!
1 4.5 Stars!! \n Sexy and totally addictive. Sustained is written in the unique Emma Chase style that I love! Ms. Chase \"returns to her roots\" in this super-sexy and funny story with lots of heart. \n Ms. Chase really nails the male POV in SUSTAINED and she had me literally laughing out loud at Jake's inner monologue. He's a player, never letting his one-night stands stay past their first cup of morning coffee, and acting quite happy about the way his life is arranged. \n \"If you're my date, stick to what will turn you on. I'm not a therapist or Prince Charming - and I don't pretend to be.\" \n Until Chelsea and her brood of six come crashing into his well-structured life, Jake never dreamed he'd be remotely interested in a relationship, let alone a ready-made family of six. Now I am not usually a fan of kids in my romance books. I have two big ones and let's just say I prefer a little escapism in my reading. But Ms. Chase makes the kids here such an integral part of the story that they were a delight to experience. There's no ridiculous babble or baby-talk but there are some tough scenes about raising teens, bullying and even just trying to find a moment alone with your significant other in the middle of chaos. \n But SUSTAINED is at its best when Jake does the talking (or thinking!). Before he meets Chelsea, really all he wants is a warm body and some meaningless sex. A brief dry spell at the beginning of the story led to some of my favorite quotes: \n \"...You and Hanna are going to be monogamous for a while.\" \n My eyes squint, 'cause I have no idea what he's saying. \n \"Hanna who?\" \n He waves his palm. \"Hanna Hand.\" \n Emma Chase writes some of best male POV's I have ever read. I absolutely loved how Jake evolved in this book from a callous playboy to a guy who realizes what's important in life. This book is expertly written, with a beautiful story, tons of steam and witty, fast-paced dialogue. Highly recommended!! \n Favorite quote: \n She frowns back. \"And you sound like you don't respect philosophy very much.\" \n \"All philosophical questions can be answered with one concise statement.\" \n Chelsea refills her glass. \"Which is?\" \n \"'Who gives a fuck?'\" \n She laughs, and it's an amazing sound. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 \"We shy away from the things that hurt us - that have hurt us in the past. \n That's what scars are for. They protect the wounds. Cover them with thick, numb tissue so we'll never have to fell that same pain again. The bottom of my stump is one big, hard callus\" \n I absolutely adore Emma Chase! She is back with another super-sexy, witty and warm-hearted story that made me laugh at loud and tear up a bit. \n Brent and Kennedy's story is sexy, funny, and completely endearing. Brent won me over and once again, Ms. Chase shows her skills at writing the male POV. \n Brent Mason is a top lawyer and is totally surprised to see Kennedy Randolph again after many years. She was a sweet and nerdy girl who has now blossomed into a beautiful swan, who is also gorgeous, smart and his adversary in the courtroom. \n Irresistible Brent sleeps around (a LOT) but never forgot his first love. Kennedy and Brent now face off in court in a high-profile case which added lots of opportunities for these two to really let the sparks fly. But it's the supporting cast of characters as well as the witty banter between these two that are central to this story. An interesting twist to the story is that Brent lost his leg in a childhood accident. He doesn't let this slow him down in ANY area of his life. This was a refreshing change of pace in an otherwise funny and sexy contemporary romance story. \n Kennedy is scared of getting involved with Brent after all these years and the flashbacks to her teenage years, when she was bullied at school, are very poignant and form a stark contrast to the smart, successful attorney she is now. But Brent will stop at nothing to show Kennedy that she is the love of his life, and he is one determined guy! \n \"...I collapse on top of her, my bones turned to Jell-o. \n When the aftershocks eventually ebb, she laughs. That tinkling, magical laugh that sings of contentment and tugs up my own lips in a responding smile. \n Now that - that is how you start a f-cking trial.\" \n Emma Chase's fans will eat this one up! Ms. Chase keeps up her winning streak with Appealed, a great entry in the Legal Briefs series. \n \"Commitment isn't always a burden, Brent. It can also be the source of unimaginable joy and satisfaction.\" \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
-1 3 - 3.5 Stars \n Emma Chase is one of my favorite authors but this story just did not click with me. I am in the minority on this one so you should defintely give this one a try! Lots of readers LOVE Stanton. A few inconsistencies in the timeline interfered with my enjoyment of the book and I found some of characters to be Southern stereotypes. I also didn't really feel the emotional connection between Stanton and Sofia. I absolutely adore this talented author and will always read her books! Ms. Chase has a very funny way with her male characters which I love. Definitely looking forward to the next books in this series. \n (ARC provided by the publisher with thanks.)
1 6 stars!! \n Magnificent and heart-stopping. This was my first reaction upon finishing Finding Eden, the continuation of Calder and Eden's story from Becoming Calder. Mia Sheridan has become one of my go-to favorite authors for creative story lines, heart-stopping emotion, and beautiful, glorious, sexy and REAL love scenes. \n This will be a short review because both books should be read together and contain so many twists and turns, they are best read without knowing too much detail. Just know that the author answers all questions left open at the end of Becoming Calder, and delivers an incredibly satisfying conclusion for these two amazing characters. \n Calder and Eden take an incredible journey and Ms. Sheridan lets you experience every heart-stopping second of it. Both books taken together are about staying strong, staying true to yourself even when everyone around you tells you something different, and overcoming incredible obstacles to find your one true love. \n This isn't all hearts and flowers; there are some really steamy sex scenes along with some very brutal scenes of psychological and physical abuse. But the author really knows how to bring an epic love story to a wonderful conclusion and Finding Eden does all of that and more. \n \"And we'll spend as much time as we need just escaping from the world. That's our plan because I swear to you, my beautiful, sweet love, everyone deserves a love story that doesn't hurt.\" \n In the end, Finding Eden is a story about forgiveness and learning to love yourself no matter what has happened to you in the past. Run, don't walk, to pick up a copy of both Becoming Calder and Finding Eden. Your life will be all the better for having read these books. \n Favorite Quote (well, one of many!): \n \"We have to figure out how to forgive, not for the people who wronged us, but for us. We can't keep bitterness attached to our hearts because eventually, it might become part of us--so deeply ingrained we can't work it back out. I think we have to focus on the beauty we've been given in this life, and make that the thing that defines us.\" \n (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
-1 Many readers loved this book but it just wasn't for me. I am a fan of dark romance, dark erotica, romantic thrillers, the whole nine yards so the darker elements were fine for me but I just didn't connect with the main characters. I definitely suggest giving this book a try because the story has a lot of promise but there were just too many character and plot inconsistencies for me to become invested in the story. I will read the author's other books because they sound very interesting and readers whose opinion I trust have really loved her writing.
1 I loved this book!! Pure enjoyment!! Love the humor, sexiness and behind-the-scenes look into the pop music business. \n Brooklyn and Jason are forced to write and record a song together, but there's one tiny roadblock in their way - he can't stand her and she feels the same way about him! Jason is a broody, folksy musician whereas Brooklyn is a \"pop princess\". But she actually writes all of her own songs and is really a very warm, smart, funny, sarcastic woman who is lonely and wants to really experience love, not just write about it. Jason only sees the stereotype and is very judgmental toward her at first. \n The Duet is very funny, witty, sexy and just plain un-put-downable. The author makes tons of pop culture references and give the reader lots of sneak peeks inside the business of producing popular music. The banter between Jason and Brooklyn is absolutely priceless and the story never sinks into sentimentality but instead stays fresh, modern and very, very witty. \n Jason and Brooklyn begin a no-strings-attached sexual relationship which of course turns into much more for Brooklyn. I absolutely loved the sexy times between these two and I loved watching Jason's douche-y, \"asshole-ian\" (no, not a word!) facade slowly change. But he is hiding a whopper of a secret and I was sitting on the edge of my seat to see how this would play out. \n The Duet is for sure a romantic comedy but it is much more. It is about accepting who you are, being true to yourself, always being honest and the importance of keeping your heart open to love. I love R.S. Grey and am totally excited to see that Brooklyn's sister Cammie, a brilliant architecture student, will be getting her own story with Grayson, one of Brooklyn's best friends! Bring it on!!
1 Great conclusion to Andrew and Aubrey's story in this surprisingly well-written installment. The emotions in the third installment of RD were deeper and the story was more detailed than the first two books in this series. I loved the characters. If you can suspend disbelief about working in a law firm, then you will love this series. Much of the legal part of the story was accurate enough, which was very refreshing. This series is a great, fairly fast read, filled with characters you love and characters you love to hate. Looking forward to much more from Whitney G.!!
1 I love books that give an alternate POV so Killer Queen was just the right story for me. You can absolutely read this as a standalone - but L.H. Cosway is such a talented writer that you should give Painted Faces a try, too. Nicholas is such a memorable and haunting character that I will always remember him. Beautiful, sexy, sensitive, angry and loving -- he is all these things and more. \n \"I like to think of myself as a wonderful and unique snowflake.\" \n Killer Queen is basically Nicholas' POV along with some additional scenes. You really gain a lot of insight into Nicholas' character in this book and the Epilogue is absolutely fantastic. This is a very, very unique story - definitely not your standard contemporary romance - and it will change the way you look at gender and sexuality and men and women. I also loved the added touch of song lyrics at the beginning of each chapter to really match the tone of the story. \n I love L.H. Cosway's writing and have every one of her books on my Kindle. Can't wait to read more by this incredibly gifted author. \n (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 3.5 Stars \n Kate McCarthy is a favorite author of mine but surprisingly this book just did not do it for me. Although the book features a very strong heroine and and a talented but tortured hero, which I loved, the plot of this book fell flat for me and the so-called scandal was absolutely not scandalous in my eyes at all. Lots of readers fell in love with this book so definitely give this one a try and judge for yourself. I adore Kate McCarthy (Redemption is one of my top favorites) and look forward to her next book!
1 5 stars!!! \n \"I squeezed him tight, because I already had what I wanted. Him. This. Us. Unfortunately, fantasies are for children and I was a grown woman. I should've known it wouldn't last.\" \n We are HUGE fans of Joanna Wylde's Reapers' Motorcycle Club series and Reaper's Stand might be our favorite book in the series so far! And that's saying a lot because each of these books are fantastic. But Picnic's story is grittier, edgier, meaner...and hello, we love that he is a bit older and has certainly lived a rough life. He has sex with loads of women since the death of his beloved wife, won't be tied down, but then meets London, who is a strong, independent woman. She has lots of burdens to bear and tries to make a go of things with out Picnic's help, but when these two get together...WOW. He's bad-ass, tough, sexy but funny and this story is one you just can't put down. \n \"Just let me be strong for you for a minute, okay?\" He said softly. \"You've held on for a long time, sweetheart. Nobody can say you haven't been strong. But it's been a hell of a night, so why don't you let me hold you and help you right now, okay?\" \n We found this book to be incredibly hot and sexy and much darker than most of the other books in this series. We absolutely loved these two together and Reaper's Stand is one of our favorite MC stories. It is violent but it is also real and the funny moments add some much-needed levity to the tense storyline. And the tease at the end...oh my lord!! The author gives us a peek at the next book in a new series and we cannot WAIT!! \n *ARC provided by publisher in exchange for an honest review*
1 4.5 stars!! Delicious M/M contemporary romance with absolutely fantastic, VERY Alpha protagonists. Review to follow shortly.
1 Stepbrother Dearest is, to put it simply, one of my favorite books this year. I am trying to avoid using the word epic here as it has been overused a bit, but this story took me on an incredible journey that left me nothing short of anxious, elated, enchanted and drained. Penelope Ward is hands down one of my favorite authors and this book is an absolute must read. \n The story follows Greta and Elec who are step-siblings. But like all of Ms. Ward's books, there are many layers and nuances to this book and nothing is quite as it seems. \n \"I won't give you exactly the same thing...but I can give you more. Okay? I can give you better. It may be one night, but I will make every second count.\" \n Although Elec is her stepbrother, I really didn't feel that Greta's love for him was forbidden. You will have to read the book and judge for yourself on that one. What I did feel was the incredible sexual tension, emotion, surprise, and yes, even humor in Ms. Ward's writing. \n \"Nowadays, every single guy seemed to pale in comparison to Elec on the physical attraction meter. I wanted to crush that meter with a sledgehammer.\" \n Greta is smart, quirky, funny and compassionate. Elec is angry, cocky, sexy and irresistible. Slowly but surely, Greta begins to see behind his angry facade and they eventually form a deep bond. \n \"... I thought about how ironic it was that this guy who'd done nothing but try to chase me away and intimidate me was the one person in the world I felt like I wanted to protect.\" \n But this is only in the first part of the book! In true Penelope Ward style, STEPBROTHER DEAREST is a richly woven tale that spans many years. The characters grow, move on, and the story almost loops back on itself. No spoilers here, just read this sexy, funny, emotional and fascinating story for yourself. And be prepared to have your heart stolen by Elec. \n (*ARC kindly provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 scorching hot stars!! \n This was my first book by Nalini Singh and it is a passionate, emotional, sexy and fulfilling story. I loved this book! The writing is incredibly sexy, beginning right from almost the first page when sexy-as-hell rock god Fox meets the shy librarian Molly at a party. It might sound cliched but the story is so well written, and the characters so well-developed, that I was drawn in immediately. \n Molly has her reasons for staying out of the spotlight so a good part of the book is spent with her anquishing over stepping into the public arena with a world-famous musician. But she is powerless to resist Fox, a man who knows what he wants and goes after it. This book is fast-paced and takes the reader around the globe to New Zealand, Australia and California. And the supporting characters are fantastic, from Molly's best friend Charlotte to all of the other band members. Can't wait to read more about all these characters. \n This was a wonderful story and the sex is incredibly HOT!! The book also created the oh-so-important emotional connection between the main characters. I also absolutely fell in love with Fox! This story is a must-read and is a great begninning to a new series. Highly recommended to all fans of contemporary romance.
1 WHOA!! What a ride! Fantastic story. To say it is unexpected is an understatement. Stayed up all night to finish. READ THIS BOOK! \n These were my first thoughts upon finishing this book, an ARC of which was graciously provided by the author. Why was I on her ARC list? No clue. But I thank her from the bottom of my heart. This is an original story, with well-written, fully-developed characters, and clever twists and turns which forged a connection between the book and myself. Am I gushing? Yes. Because there are SO many books today that have cookie-cutter plots with cliche characters, I find it incredibly refreshing to come across a story like Black Lies. \n There is no plot or character discussion here. Read the synopsis. That's all you need. Was this a 100% perfect story? No. But it is absolutely one of the best books I have read this year and I applaud Ms. Torre for her story. \n (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 5 thrilling stars!!! \n Gritty. Raw. Suspenseful. SEXY. Come take a wild ride through the author's City of Angels, and enjoy every second of the hot and thrilling rollercoaster ride. Antonio and Theresa got under my skin and I can't wait for even more of their story. \n Ruin begins shortly after Spin ended. Theresa has become incredibly determined and strong and will do anything, ANYTHING, to protect and stay with Antonio. But he is lethal, dangerous and also determined to keep Theresa out of harm's way. Not an easy feat when the mafia is out ot get you and no one is to be trusted. \n Theresa is still close to her family and Antonio \"Spin\" is acutely aware of that. But he will do whatever it takes to keep her safe, even when the things quite literally start to spin out of control. He tries to keep her isolated but she will have none of that and his carefully-crafted plans begin to quickly unravel and escalate to an incredibly satisfying conclusion. \n This is an action-packed, super-hot and sexy story. The writing is gorgeous and spare. There are no flowery words, no gushing declarations in the world of Antonio Spinelli. But surprisingly, there is humor, which provides a welcome relief from the near-constant state of tension and almost primal sexual urges. Spin loves Theresa in his own way, and they are both completely obsessed with each other and cannot stay apart. \n \"You're from a different world , but you smell like home to me. I haven't been to Napoli in ten years, but whenever you're near me, I smell olive flowers. My heart gets sick with thirst, and the water is poison.\" \n I can't stop thinking about Spin and Theresa. C.D. Reiss has become one of my favorite writers and I absolutely cannot wait for the next installment in this series. \n (*ARC reviewed from NetGalley.)
1 LOVED IT!!! Refreshingly funny, sweet and sexy! \n The Stage Dive series is one of my favorite series and Lead is an absolute delight. Sexy, refreshingly funny and smart, Lead not only features the achingly beautiful Jimmy, it also introduces us to the fabulous Lena, who in my opinion could be every woman's new best friend. Honest, funny and real, Kylie Scott has written a completely relatable heroine who at times broke my heart and other times had me laughing at loud. \n Lena knew that Jimmy would be her Achilles heel almost from the get-go when she is hired to be his assistant and sobriety companion. \n \"Whatever else he might be, Jimmy Ferris was special and complicated, beautiful and beastly, all rolled into one. A natural-born performer.\" \n Lena struggles to fit in to the rest of the band dynamics and all the sexy couples of the Stage Dive family. She is tenacious, hilarious and completely turned on and attracted to Jimmy, but the real Jimmy, not the rock-star persona. \n \"My heroin was six-foot-one and gorgeous as sin.\" \n Lena has had her share of heartache, and is afraid that Jimmy will steal her heart away while she is working as his assistant and stomp on it in the process. I absolutely loved how strong Lena was and how she really stayed true to herself and did not try to hide her true feelings for Jimmy. Will these two get their happy ending that they so desperately deserve? \n \"Love was truly one of life's mysteries. That it could f@@@ you five ways to Sunday and still remain so utterly perplexing and unknown was kind of impressive. I guess.\" \n Lead is a fabulous summer read and Kylie Scott is one of my favorite writers. Enjoy Lead, you will fall in love with Jimmy!! \n (*ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 I LOVED this funny, sexy romance from Amber L. Johnson! The story is fresh and creative and I absolutely fell in love with Andrew. What starts off as cute storyline turns into a lovely, sweet and very, very funny story about overworked Gwen, who is struggling to manage raising two young children on her own, and Andrew, a wealthy, seemingly carefree guy, who must get a job and really wants to become responsible and self-sufficient and please his cold and distant father. \n Eight Days a Week is a fantastic \"lighter\" read, with an unexpected storyline and interesting characters. My heart ached for Andrew; he has spent his life trying to please his parents and live up to his \"perfect\" older sister. He sees his chance at redemption when he becomes \"manny\" for Gwen's young family and actually finds something he is very good at. The children love him and of course, he is madly attracted to Gwen. But they both decide not to pursue their insane chemistry for the sake of the children, because what would happen if they broke up? \n Will these two be able to love each other and keep their new family together? I adore Amber Johnson's writing style and was laughing out loud as well as totally swooning many times during this book. The sexy times are HOT and Andrew really has it all: looks, brains and talent. What woman wouldn't fall for him? I loved this book and highly recommend it for all fans of sexy, funny contemporary romance.
1 First, I was very pleasantly suprised at the steam factor in this book! And Thomas Maddox is a memorable character, that's for sure. \n I really liked the romantic suspense aspect of this story, and I really admire the author for writing a strong female character. Oh look, it's okay to be a workaholic and be a professional! I am on board with female characters who are not just window-dressing or who do nothing but sorrt of flit around the story. But I digress. \n Liis and Thomas do connect early on, but it really works in this book. Jamie can really write a steamy hot sex scene and I can't wait to read more of this from her!Liis is smart but she is pretty insecure in her personal life. \n I'd gone from feeling sexy and desired to an embarassingly eager, cheap score. \n Liis and Thomas must later work together as FBI agents and this aspect of the story was very fast-paced and interesting. Liis, like Thomas, is devoted to her work which has not left much time for a personal life. \n \"Ah. You're married to the job. Betty Bureau.\" \n Thomas is a total hard-ass and has a notorious reputation for being impossible to work for. Will he soften for Liis? I loved seeing the other Maddox brothers make an appearance here, but make no mistake, this was Thomas' story through and through. This book is fast-paced, sexy, very romantic and a must-read for Jamie McGuire fans. \n Favorite quote: \n \"You can love someone without wanting to be with them. Just like you can want to be with someone before you love then.\" \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 pounding-hot stars!! Seriously thrilling and addictive. \n This is the first book I have read by this writing duo and it certainly won't be the last! This is a gritty, thrilling and addictive story. Please note the series name - SEX and MAYHEM, and there's plenty of both! \n This is a M/M Motorcycle Club book with a twist: Stitch, is a closeted gay biker. His MC is seriously homophobic and he is not out to his ex-wife or to his family. This guy is sex on a stick and and when he meets the sexy and alluring Zak, all bets are off. Zak is a tattoo artist and is completely out. They have explosive chemistry and these sex scenes are absolutely among the top 5 hottest scenes I have ever read. What begins as a sex-only relationship gradually builds into something more. Stitch grows as a character and little by little comes face to face with his own sexuality. \n \"I had a bad night. All I wanted was to come home to you.\" \n Stitch and Zak have an intensely passionate relationship but Stitch still will not admit that he is gay. He imposes secrets and restrictions on Zak and Zak quite naturally rebels and much sex and mayhem ensues. I found this book to be incredibly gripping and the writing style fast-paced, gritty and intensely sexual. \n Make no mistake, this book is incredibly violent and graphic. It is also filled with what I found to be highly erotic m/m sex and irresistible characters. I absolutely loved this very dark and emotional story and can't wait to read more from these authors! \n (*ARC received from the authors in return for an honest review)
1 Suspenseful doesn't even begin to describe this book. DO NOT DISTURB is a thrilling, dark, sexy and fast-paced story with a twist! If you are looking for a dark, smart and erotic story, then DO NOT DISTURB is the book for you. \n This book is the sequel to THE GIRL IN 6E, a fantastic and surprising story which I recommend that you read immediately!! The author continues the story of Deanna in DO NOT DISTURB and her story is intertwined with another character who might, just might, be as dark and disturbed as she is. But where Deanna tries her best to keep her dark nature hidden away and under control (barely), this new character does not. He is plain evil. The author has done a masterful job at building suspense and anticipation in this book and the plot twists are fantastic. This is a smart and twisted book and definitely NOT for the faint of heart. \n Deanna is faced with danger here in the form of an unhappy client. Will he outsmart the brilliant Deanna and pierce the layers of protection she has built of around her? Will Deanna finally find some semblance of normalcy with the sexy and understanding Jeremy? Once again, the author writes a brilliant story that answers all these questions without talking down to the reader and without coming to any false conclusions. The tensions are high and the sexy times are brilliantly erotic. I haven't stopped thinking about these characters! I amy dying (well, not literally) for another book in this series!! Don't miss DO NOT DISTURB, it is a must-read book that will keep you on the edge of your seat!! \n Favorite quote: \n \"Life is never a precious as when it is threatened.\" \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)", "date_added": "Thu Jul 10 05:53:37 -0700 2014
1 Wow! Break the Sky is a brilliant, rich and SCORCHING hot storm of a story that will make new fans of Nina Lane. Kelsey and Archer were seen in the earlier Spiral of Bliss books but you do NOT have to read those books first (although they are fantastic and I highly recommend reading them NOW!!) One of my favorite couples, Dean and Liv, make an appearance here but the center of this amazing book is the stormy relationship between Kelsey and Archer. \n \"I swallowed to ease the dryness in my throat. \n 'Do you always let fate decisions for you?' \n 'Fate makes better decisions than I do.' \" \n Archer has always been a screw-up, an angry (and rightfully so), rootless man, drifting from job to job and never able to commit to much. He rides into the town of Mirror Lake already a changed man but his brother Dean only sees the old Archer, the addict and the womanizer. Enter Kelsey, the tightly-wound meteorology professor who needs to let go a little, and who knows that Archer is everything she should avoid. \n \"He could push me to my limits and protect me the entire time.\" \n Kelsey and Archer immediately strike a \"deal\", agreeing to a temporary relationship while he is visiting with Dean and Liv. Suffice it to say, they both get more than they bargained for and both learn to see behind the other's facade and get to what's real and honest. All of this plays out against the almost-fairytale-like setting of Mirror Lake, which adds a very special magic to this incredibly sexy and adult story. \n I must say that I absolutely love how Nina Lane can write about the world of college academics on the one hand and then turn around give us one of the dirtiest-talking characters EVER! (Phone sex, hello!) Archer is all man, commanding, bossy and completely honest with Kelsey. I found their relationship to be completely real and perfectly developed. I also loved the way Archer and Dean's relationship grew throughout this story, and the way Archer really matured and came to terms with his past. \n BREAK THE SKY is tender, sexy, funny and incredibly satisfying. Another must-read from Ms. Nina Lane! \n *ARC provided by the author in exchange for an honest review*
1 Super hot! \n This is my first book by Sawyer Bennett and I absolutely loved it! Sugar on the Edge reminds me why I love reading contemporary romance. It has emotion, perfect pacing, a lovely locale (the Outer Banks of North Carolina), a character-driven story and BLAZING hot sex. Gavin and Savannah are memorable, real and totally drew me into their story. \n I have not read the other books in the Last Call series so I can tell you that this one can absolutely be read as a standalone, but now that I have sampled Ms. Bennett's writing, I will read them. There are other characters from the previous books but they are fully-written characters and I did not feel as though I was lost at all. \n Gavin is in a lot of emotional pain and moves to North Carolina to finish writing a manuscript. He's sexy, British and has a very dark side. Savannah seems at first to be his total opposite - sweet, hard-working, yet smart and a little sassy. I literally read this book in one sitting and recommend it as a perfect read if you want a hot, sexy, funny, exciting and emotional story. I highly recommend Sugar on the Edge and am adding Ms. Bennett's other books to my TBR list immediately. Enjoy! \n (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 Stars! \n Colleen Hoover is a must-read author for me. I always adore her books, the stories, the emotions, the characters, and Confess was no different. This book is pure magic, from the opening chapter to the very end. Confess is an intricately woven tale from beginning to end, where all of the characters are somehow connected and where everything is slowly revealed, little by little. \n I absolutely fell in love with Owen. He is a gifted artist but has some very rocky relationships in his life. I just knew that I would grow to love him even though he seemed like he made some questionable choices early on in the book. Owen and Auburn are both very, very complicated characters and my heart nearly broke for Auburn and her situation. I could not put this story down and read it in practically one sitting. \n \"I love you so much.\" His voice is breathless and full of fear. \"I'll love you forever. Even when I can't.\" My tears fall harder at his words. \"And I'll love you forever. Even when I shouldn't.\" \n You should read this book without any spoilers because the plot is very clever and there are surprises thrown in along the way. I love the creative plot and the paintings throughout the book are just magnificent. They tie into the story perfectly. I will confess that my ARC copy did not have the paintings so I bought a Kindle copy and I am so glad that I did. The paintings are haunting and very revealing. Even though this is a romantic story with some very emotional situations, there are definitely moments of humor which I greatly appreciated! \n Confess is another must-read from one of my absolute favorite authors. It is a beautiful story about the power of trust and love and I didn't want Owen and Auburn's story to end. Enjoy!
1 4 frothy and delicious stars!! Loved this swoony, very romantic story!! \n I absolutely love Melanie Harlow's Frenched Series! The heroines are strong, witty, sexy and very relatable. Coco is thrown together with her ex, Nick, a well-known chef who broke her heart years before. She has never really gotten over him and it seems that even though he broke up with her, he isn't over her, either. Melanie French writes sexy heroes who have a heart of gold, a strong romantic streak and who aren't afraid of strong women. The sex scenes in this book are UBER-hot and sweetly romantic at the same time. \n Sometimes you need a sexy, light and super-romantic book in between some of the darker, heavier reads, and Forked fits the bill perfectly. Put Nick and Coco on your reading menu, you won't be disappointed! \n (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review)
1 My Hunger is book number 3.2 in the INSIDE OUT Series by Lisa Renee Jones. (This is a novella that should be read as part of the fantastic Inside Out series and is not a stand alone.) We absolutely LOVE this incredibly original series and it remains one of our favorite series - it's original, thrilling, sexy and very addictive. A must-read. As for My Hunger, we see Mark dealing with the traumatic events surrounding Rebecca's disappearance as well as his mother's illness. He is still deeply affected by Rebecca but is now drawn to Crystal Smith, one of his top employees. \n I have always loved Mark and his controlling ways. He is attempting to become Master to Crystal but she is very different from his other submissives. Will he be able to fight their overwhelming attraction? \n I loved their banter and sexual tension and Lisa Renee Jones is such a talented writer that she only makes me want more from Mark's POV. He is one of my favorite characters from the series. This is a fairly quick, very sexy read, and I highly recommend it. Enjoy! \n * ARC provided by the author for an honest review *
1 5++++ stars!!! \n Once in a while, a book comes along that absolutely throws you for a loop and knocks your socks off and I'm happy to say LOCK & KEY is one of those books. A story about a 42-year-old heroine who has sacrificed her whole life to the One-Eyed Jacks MC, LOCK & KEY is hot, sexy, thrilling, perfectly written and filled with characters that I won't soon forget. \n Grace and Lock meet right at the beginning of the story and sparks fly. They are both damaged and not looking to connect with another human being on any kind of meaningful level. They spend an incredibly HOT night together ((hello, ice cube scene!!), thinking they'll never see each other again, but boy, are they dead wrong. \n I fell in love with Lock, he is one bad-ass biker but he knows a good thing is right in front of him. The problem is, will he realize what a treasure Grace is before she slips away? \n \"I had my dream on my hands and in my mouth, and I never fucking realized.\" \n This story is perfectly told in both a combination of flashbacks and alternating POVs. The book unfolds like a flower petal, layer by layer peeled away until the reader is left incredibly satisfied at the end. This is a long and meaty book, filled with plenty of drama and scorching hot sex scenes, but I literally could not put it down until the very end. Ms. Porter has created a world of memorable characters, Alpha bikers, strong and feisty women and a solid story that will stay with me for a long time to come. \n I highlighted half the book but instead I am \"borrowing\" the author's teasers. This is an original and very creative story so I don't want to give any of the plot away. Add Lock & Key to your TBR list immediately! This is a must-read book for all fans of strong writing, characters with backbone and beautiful stories about the importance of family and second-chance love. Ms. Porter deserves a place among Joanna Wylde, Madeline Sheehan and dare I say Ms. Kristen Ashley with her absolutely incredible debut MC romance book. Go meet Grace and Lock. I know you will be as captivated as I was. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4 beautiful stars!! \n \"Why the war paint, Pix?\" \n \"Because I can't stand the girl underneath,\" she whispered \n \"Why the tattoos?\" Lexi asked \n \"Because I can't bear seeing the scars of my past.\" \n Tillie Cole is a very gifted writer and this story is fascinating, heartbreaking, beautiful, funny, tender and wonderfully written. This is not exactly your typical jock-meets-Goth-girl story, it is much richer and more nuanced than that, and I really recommend you give this book a try. \n You do not need to have read the other books in the series (I did not but I plan to read them now) to follow Lexi and Austin's story. Austin is the star player on the University of Alabama's football team, and Lexi is part of the cheerleading squad. But he is also a tattooed, former gang member struggling to break free from his past. She, too, has her own painful struggles that are handled with incredible sensitivity and care by Tillie Cole. \n There were many times during this book that I was afraid something terrible would happen to Austin or Lexi, and I read the story with my heart pounding. Austin is a beautiful boy inside and out and showed great compassion and caring for others, all hidden beneath his tattooed, tough-guy exterior. Lexi struggles to keep it together, even as all others see is an offbeat but talented cheerleader on a very tough college squad. \n Sweet Fall is very much about not judging a book by its cover and not expecting others to conform to your idea of of \"perfect\". Acceptance, of both yourself and of others, is the message I took from this story and I applaud the author for writing about a very difficult and painful subject. I highly recommend Sweet Fall and I can guarantee you will fall in love with Austin Carillo! \n (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 Vanquish was not at all what I expected and is a painfully beautiful story of the redemptive power of love and devotion. Yes, I LOVE Van, and for those of you who have read Deliver, you know that he is twisted, really f*ed up and obsessively, possessively in love with Liv. He seemed BAD through and through but I knew better! I couldn't wait to read his story because I knew there was much more to him. \n Vanquish totally blew me away. It is really a story of two painfully lonely people who really only want to connect with another human being on the most basic of levels. But this being a Pam Godwin story, well, you get two very effed up people, tons of mind-blowing sex, and lots of danger thrown into the mix. \n Pam Godwin's writing is pure perfection. There is no insta-connection, the emotions are real and the sexual chemistry is explosive. This book has it all. And Amber broke my heart. I am a huge Pam Godwin fan and I will devour every book she writes. Vanquish is raw, gritty, beautiful, suspenseful, sexy and painful. What more could you possibly ask for?
1 What an adult, sexy and witty story! \n Alice Clayton writes very realistic and humorous banter between Simon and Caroline and I laughed out loud through many parts of this book. An added plus is the incredible chemistry between these two and the sexy times are absolutely hot and very satisfying! This story is about real-life, Simon and Caroline have real-world professions and work hard just like lots of outer couples to make their passionate relationship work. Jobs, friends, family, and yes, even all-seeing Clive all intervene into their blissful existence. \n I loved the way Simon and Caroline's relationship grows in this book. They learn more about each other and their witty banter is funny and realistic. Caroline has to make some tough decisions this book but all is done with good grace and humor. There is no over-the-top drama or contrived situations. But Simon is absolutely still gorgeous, sexy, romantic and swoon-wrothy and can still sweep Caroline off her feet. \n I also loved all of the supporting characters, and Simon and Caroline's friends play a major role in Rusty Nailed. I can't wait to read more about them in upcoming books in this series. Rusty Nailed is everything you expect from Alice Clayton: intelligent, witty dialogue; steamy chemistry; and true love and caring not only between Simon and Caroline, but between all of their friends. I can't wait for Screwdrivered! \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 Vi Keeland is a favorite author of mine and I was excited to read her young adult romance written with Dylan Scott. Both sweet and sexy at the same time, Left Behind is a wonderful story of loss, strength, emotion and first love. The story is very engaging and the characters are very real. Nikki and Zack's story totally drew me in, and once I started, I read this book in one sitting. \n Told in alternating POV's, which actually become one story, Left Behind tells the story of Nikki, who relocates to California after the death of her mother. Having lived a very lonely and sad life, she is apprehensive about starting over. But Nikki is very strong because she had to grow up at an early age. She doesn't want anyone's pity and just wants to be a normal teenager. \n To her eyes, Zack lives an almost-perfect life, with a stable family and seemingly happy home life. But Zack has faced a terrible tragedy and is dealing with it in his own way. Angry and guilt-stricken, he is confused over his feelings for Nikki. There is a twist to this story that wasn't really a surprise, but I was literally holding my breath through most of this book, hoping against hope that nothing would come between Nikki and Zack! \n The authors really hit a home run with Zack. He took my breath away! Zack is one incredibly sweet, romantic and sexy guy. I loved Zack and Nikki together. I also love how this book dealt with some very adult subjects in a very sensitive way. This book contained just the right mix of sexy romance and emotion. Combined with the inventive story, it is great young adult book. \n (*ARC provided by the author in exchange for an honest review.)
1 Each relationship was its own mess full of faults and flaws, fighting every damn day to be worthy. \n What a perfectly dark ending to one of my favorite dark romance series! I read for escape and Monsters in the Dark offers just that. Pepper Winters has created a dark, sexy and highly erotic series with two unforgettable characters. Tess and Q are both damaged, flawed and perfectly matched for each other. I adore this series and read this intense story almost in one sitting. \n Q was born into darkness, but he'd never baptized me in his blackest desires. And because of that, I could implicitly say he spoke the truth. No matter what he did to me, he would never truly harm me. \n Told in dual POV's, this book is very, very dark and offers some BDSM along with the highly unusual relationship between Tess and Q. Having settled into married life, Q is hiding something from Tess that he fears will break them apart. But Tess is strong, brave and absolutely devoted to Q. She will let nothing and no one come between them! \n We come alive when we're together with no cages or locks between us. \n Q is fascinating and irresistible. I love him!! JE SUIS A TOI is a very graphic story but it is truly Pepper Winters at her best. I'm very sad to see this series end but looking forward to what is next from this author! \n Favorite quote: \n \"I loved her. \n I adored her. \n I didn't want to hurt her. \n Lies. \n I did want to hurt her. \n And she wanted me to. \n That was ultimate freedom.\"
1 4.5 stars!! Hot and sweet and funny. This was my first book by Cardeno C. and I absolutely loved it! \n This story is told in the very clever way of Chase/Charlie looking back over time and telling his story through the format of looking through a photo album of his life. I adored this. The story itself is a beautifully-written mix of humor, pain, steam and sweetness. I can't wait to read more from this author. \n Charlie/Chase has always been true to himself, which has not been easy for other men in his life. I loved his honesty! Although the book is told from three different POV's, it is really Charlie who is the main character in this story. Scott is his first love and their story is hot, sweet and heartbreaking. Scott moves away abruptly but remains the love of Charlie's life. Years later, Charlie meets Adan and thinks that maybe he could love again. The way these three eventually come together is both surprising and totally hot. The character development is fantastic and the writing, to me, almost flawless. I love reading how these three souls ultimately find a way to create a life that's right for them. \n If you are in any kind of book slump, read this book. It's a page-turner and completely addictive.
1 \"If you kiss like that when you're not into it, I'd love to see how you kiss when you are.\" \n LOVE Nix!! I read a lot of biker books so I was totally surprised when I finished Incandescent and loved it! Kadence is a schoolteacher and never expects to fall for the oh-so-hot Nix who is the parent of one of her students. He is a bad-ass biker with a heart of gold, trying his best to parent his son Z with a no-good ex-wife who is always causing problems. \n Kadence has dealt with a lot of past pain (both physical and emotional) and the last thing she expects is to fall for Nix. But the man is persistent and can't stay away from the sexy teacher. \n \"I haven't been able to get you out of my mind, woman. Your attitude, your body, from the moment I had you on the back of my bike, I knew I was in trouble. You feel it too, Kadence. I know you do. Stop denyin' it.\" \n These two have tons of chemistry but there are some obstacles in their way. For one thing, Nix is the parent of Kadence's student, and the school has a no-dating policy between parents and teachers. Add to that one crazy ex-wife, and an even crazier (and more dangerous) ex of Kadence's and you have lots of fast-paced drama and totally HOT sexy times. This book takes dirty-talking to a new level, and River Savage has quite the talent at writing absolutely SIZZLING sex scenes! \n This is a fast-paced, hot biker romance with a lot of heart. I loved Kadence and Nix and adored how Nix got Kadence to open up to him. \n \"I want this man. Want everything he was doing to me, and then more.\" \n River Savage is an incredibly talented writer and I look forward to reading the next books in this series! \n (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 stars!! \"Come in. Sit anywhere but on the bed. Don't look cute, don't get undressed, and don't touch my underwear.\" \n I really loved the latest book in the Wild Seasons series! It is very, very funny, had really hot scenes and a wonderful storyline. Harlow is a funny, smart-ass, modern and smart heroine. Finn is another nuanced, sexy and loving leading man created by this fabulous writing duo. This is not a cliched contemporary romance story but instead has some very serious themes woven into the story. \n Harlow and Finn have lots of miscommunications throughout the story but their scenes together are fantastic and their chemistry feels real and genuine and never forced. I truly thought that the authors could not top the first book in this series but Harlow and Finn are every bit as addictive as the characters from Sweet Filthy Boy. \n These two are at opposite ends of the spectrum personality-wise but their banter and sexy times are hilarious and very, very hot. Don't miss this book. It is a wonderful, passionate and very funny read with lots and lots of heart. Can't wait for the next book in this series, Dark Wild Night, which will give us Lola and Oliver's story and is scheduled for release in 2015! \n (Thanks to the publisher for an ARC in return for an honest review.)
1 Deviant, dark and delicious!! I need more Fiona and Deacon as soon as possible. Full review to follow.
1 OMG!!! Expect even MORE surprises and twists from E.K. Blair!!! Never in a million years did I see these developments coming. A tense thriller but with the deep, unbreakable love between Declan and Elizabeth at the center of the story. \n \"I never gave up on life \n because of him \n I kept going \n because of him\" \n Hush is the last installment in the very dark story of characters that I will not soon forget. If you have waited until all the books are out in this series, well, wait no more! I highly recommend this highly imaginative and incredibly twisted series. All of the hype surrounding these books is very well-deserved, in my opinion. Nina/Elizabeth, Declan, Bennett, Pike...I grew to care deeply about each and every one. I will never forget this conclusion to this series. While I am saddended that this is the end of the series, I cannot wait to see what E.K. Blair dreams up next. \n If you have read the first two books, you know that Elizabeth has lived through unimaginable suffering. BANG, the first book in this series, is one of my top favorite books ever. The emotions, the thrills and the incredible darkness in that book left me reeling. The characters have come full circle here, and although the author certainly stays true to the dark nature of the series, the ending was perfect for these characters. \n \"We are monsters and lovers, animals and killers, but nothing can extinguish what we have when we're together.\" \n As I was coming to the ending of HUSH, I thought, \"Where is the author going with this? There are only a few more pages left! GAH!!\" E.K. Blair never takes the easy way out and she remained fiercely honest to each of her characters in this series. Sympathies will be challenged and emotions will be tested in HUSH. I am being vague because there is an incredibly risky and very surprising conclusion to this series and it must be experienced first-hand while reading, without knowing any spoilers. Don't skip to the end!! It has been days since I finished this book and these characters are still filling my head and my heart. Don't miss HUSH and don't miss the BLACK LOTUS Series. You won't soon forget these stories. \n \"The ugliest parts of you are your darkest. And trust me when I tell you that I want to love all of your darkest parts.\" \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 OMG WHAT DID I JUST READ??! This review is totally spoiler-free so you will just have to go in to ECHO completely blind. That being said, this is without a doubt one of my top books so far this year. If you have read BANG, you know that things ended quite abruptly. Anything I say here about any of the characters that appeared in BANG might give the plot of ECHO away, so...if you like dark, twisty, psychosexual thrillers, than ECHO should be at the top of your must-read lists. And yes, I was up all night reading this one. \n E.K. Blair is an enormously gifted writer and I will read anything this woman writes. I cannot describe what goes on in ECHO other than to say, \"READ THIS BOOK!!\" You will be thrilled, heartsick, turned on, and excited all at once. Your emotions will run rampant after reading this book. If you thought you knew the characters at all in BANG, trust me, you are wrong. \n \"Did you know it was possible to have feelings with no emotions? You can, and I'm proof of it.\" \n Well, that's about all I can say, folks. I can't really describe what ECHO is, so please make sure you grab this one as soon as it is released on May 12th. You will be once again immersed in a dark and twisty world of E.K. Blair. And that's a great place to be. \n (ARC provided by the author with thanks.)
1 I really liked this book, it is funny, dirty, and is the kind of book that you can't look away from. The author's warning caught my attention, there is a TON of swearing in this book but it is also really funny and not at all what I expected. \n This is not your typical high school drama, Bronagh and Dominic fight like cats and dogs which is kind of like their foreplay. She is also feisty, likable, curses all the time, and has some body issues. I loved her! The relationship between the two main characters is unpredictable and fresh. I also absolutely loved all the Slater Brothers and look forward to reading more about their exploits. \n This book is written in Irish dialect which the author explains right out of the box. I enjoyed it but it might be a little much for some readers to digest. This book is also hilarious and contains more F words than I think any book I have ever read. Dominic has some very endearing characters and totally hot sex scenes. I guarantee this book is different from any book you have read so far this year! Give it a try if you love strong heroines and gorgeous, Alpha fighters. There is also a ton of action, making this a fast-paced, sexy and funny read. I'm looking forward to reading more from Ms. Casey! \n *ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review*
1 Add this to your summer reading list! Liam Wilder is my new obsession! Scoring Wilder is the perfect summer read - sexy, funny, swoon-y and fast-paced. I fell in love with Liam (and Kinsley a little bit) from the beginning, and Liam didn't let go of my heart for the entire book! This story is the perfect combination of a smart, strong, witty heroine, a sexy, good-hearted bad boy, and a yummy story that is head and shoulders above most books in the genre. \n Even if you are not a fan of New Adult books, you will LOVE Scoring Wilder! Liam Wilder is a famous professional soccer player with a bad-boy reputation. Of course, much of it is due to the ever-present media and some undeserved bad press. Kinsley is a smart, driven, talented and FUNNY rising soccer star who immediately falls in lust with her new soccer coach. They are acutely aware that they are forbidden to be together, and Kinsley has some very, very funny moments when she is struggling to fight her growing attraction to her soccer coach. \n Oh - and Kinsley's previous relationships ended VERY badly so she doesn't trust anyone, let alone a tattoo-covered, world-famous soccer star. But Liam turns out to be a total sweetheart, romantic, honest, open and giving. But will Kinsley come to her senses in time? \n Scoring Wilder has plenty of steam, hilarious, laugh-out-loud moments, plus a gorgeous soccer-playing hero. What's not to love? If you are looking for a perfect summer read, Scoring Wilder is for you! \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 Stars!! \n Reviewed by Cathy: \n Push is not our usual read, which by the way I loved. This is a f*d-up love story, to say the least. You might think you've heard that before, but honestly, you have never read a story like PUSH before. I won't go into detail about the plot because this book is best read without knowing too much about the storyline. Going in blind to this book is so much more thrilling! \n Emma is moving on from her past and horrible stepfather and two brothers who were manipulated by him. She's had a rough life. She is starting over on her own, which is very freeing for her. She meets David they day she moves into her in apartment. He is the handyman for the building and was \"sent\" by the owner to fix her kitchen, which is a mess. She opens her door hesitantly, unsure of whether he's telling the truth or whether he is just a psycho. My anxiety attack began when she opened the door. You will need tranquilizers for this story!! It does end with a cliffhanger and I told myself, \"No! It can't end like this!\" But PUSH is so well-written that it is like a breath of fresh air. Get ready for a love-hate relationship with one of the characters. This is an excellent summer read! PUSH should be receiving more attention and acclaim because it's that good! Don't miss this one.
1 4.5 stars!! Review to follow on release day.
1 4.5 Stars - very very addictive - really loved Naz, in all his dark and tortured glory. He is my favorite part of this story and is a very, very complex character. For all of his very, very bad equalities, and there are many, he really loves Karissa and will let nothing stand in the way of keeping her safe. This is a very twisty story that begins in Book #1 and is part intense love story and part suspense story. \n Torture to Her Soul was a tiny bit slow for me midway through the story only because I have such high esteem for J.D. Darhower and her storytelling abilities. But the characters and the story are really fantastic and Mafia romances are one of my favorites genres. So I completely loved Naz, even when I hated him. \n This entire story is solely from Naz's POV and is a fascinating look inside his very dark mind. I could not wait for this conclusion to the incredible story from Monster in His Eyes and it did not disappoint. A must-read for all fans of darker romance. \n Favorite quote: \n \"I'm not a good man,\" he says, \"but I'm trying. I'm trying. I can't make you any promises of perfection. I can't promise I'll be what you deserve, or what you need, or even what you always want. All I can promise is that I'll love you until the day I die, and I'll spend every moment I'm alive trying for you.\" \n *ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.
1 Until Nico is the fourth book in a series but it can be read as a standalone (I have not yet read the first three books and I still thoroughly enjoyed Nico!!) All of the other characters play a role in the story but the author did a great job at making this purely Nico and Sophie's story. I absolutely LOVED the dirty-talking, possessive and sweet Nico! I was surprised at the quick way they met and fell for each other, as I am not usually a fan of Insta-love. But it worked perfectly here. \n \"\"You know, the moment I saw you, I knew you were the one for me,\" I say gently, watching her eyes get big. \"You're mine, Sophie. Every beautiful inch of you is mine.\" \n Nico is the love-'em-and-leave-'em type. He is also very family-oriented, sexy as hell and willing to take his time (sort of) with the shy and closed-off Sophie. The sex scenes are AMAZING and off-the-charts steamy! \n \"I know what I want. I always get what I want. And that's the last thought in my head before I fall asleep.\" \n Until Nico has really strong characters, a very sweet storyline and because Nico is a bounty hunter, there is of course lots of action thrown in. I really liked this story and am looking forward to reading the first three books in this series!
1 \"Someone special once told me to dare to dream. For without dreams, we have nothing to look forward to. I'm starting to believe her.\" \n The Resistance completely took me by surprise with its perfect writing, passionate and heartfelt characters, and absolutely fantastic sexy times!! This is the first book I have read by S.L. Scott and I can't wait to read her other novels. \n I went into this blind and was drawn right into the fast-paced story of Holliday and Jack. Thank God for a smart, strong heroine! I am so tired of weak, cookie-cutter heroines and Holli was a breath of fresh air. She created her own business and the corporate side of this story was very realistic and not over-dramatized like many books have done lately. So thank you, Ms. Scott, for that. Holli doesn't need anyone, she's lonely but wrapped up in growing her business. So Jack Dalton is the last person she expects to fall for when she attends a convention in Las Vegas. \n They have immediate chemistry but he is actually a very sensitive, lonely guy who also looking for a deeper connection than his usual parade of one-night stands. \n Trust me, this book is so well-written that I lost myself in the words and read this in almost 1 day. I wish I would have read The Resistance slower! The storyline is also rich with other characters, and of course, lots and lots of hot sex. \n I must feel that the main characters are emotionally connected to each other, and the author succeeds on all levels. I as a reader also must feel a connection to the characters and I really cared about Jack and Holli. Their dialogue is witty, they both grow emotionally during the story, and I can't say anything negative at all about The Resistance. I absolutely love a rock star story that explores the perils of fame and excess, and this book also does that perfectly. A must-read by an author to watch!
1 4.5 - 5 UNFORGETTABLE STARS!! \n If the mark of a good book is that you can't stop thinking about it, then CORRUPT is a winner. I love dark books but even I was close to not finishing this one due to the darkness and rage that filled the early part of the book. But what a story!!! Dark, sexy, thrilling, action-packed...and filled with twists and turns that took this cynical dark romance reader by surprise. \n Let me be clear that if Penelope Douglas wrote a grocery list, I would read it. BULLY is one of my favorite books and her new contemporary romance MISCOUNDUCT is one of the best books I've read this year. So there's my disclaimer! \n If you are looking for a gripping, edge-of-your-seat book, then CORRUPT is for you. It is rough, it is scary, it is sexy...but it is ultimately incredibly thrilling and emotionally satisfying. And the sex scene near the end of the book? Holy moly. Kudos to you, Ms. Douglas, you thrilled even this jaded erotica reader. \n AS I was reading, I couldn't help but fear for Rika and the dire circumstances she found herself in. But she's an unusual female protagonist in that she literally could give as good as she got, and she never, ever once cowered or allowed herself to be overpowered by the \"Four Horsemen.\" I still think about all of these characters weeks after finishing this book. And that to me is what makes a good book great. \n CORRUPT is not your average dark romance. It is really a stand-out book. Highly, highly recommended. \n FAVORITE QUOTE: \n \"Redefine normal. None of us know the full measure of our power until we start pushing our boundaries and pressing our luck, and the more we do, the less we care what others think. The freedom feels too good.\"
1 4.5 stars!!! \n What an addictive and enjoyable story! Nicola Haken is a new author for me and I will definitely read more of her books. Being Sawyer Knight is not only an incredibly hot and sexy story, it is also filled with plenty of tender and emotional moments and a beautiful message about learning to love and accept yourself. \n Sawyer Knight is a world-famous musician who longs for people to see the real him and not just his rock-star stage persona. He has very little to do with his mother, and had an abusive stepfather who was only interested in Sawyer's fame as a musician. He hasn't spoken to his best friend Jake since they were teenagers, when Sawyer could not deal with Jake making his true feelings known for Sawyer. \n Jake has followed Sawyer's career and is the only person who has ever really known the real Sawyer. He comes back into Sawyer's life as his bodyguard and is still very much in love with Sawyer. Now he just has to convince Sawyer that they belong together. The chemistry between these two is literally explosive and burns up the pages! I absolutely fell in love with Jake and his bossy, dominating ways. He cannot stay away from Sawyer, but will Sawyer admit his true feelings for Jake? \n This book is told in dual POV's which I thought worked great. There is a side plot involving death threats to the band but to me, it is the scorching hot sex scenes between Jake and Sawyer that made this book come alive. Nicola Haken is an incredibly talented writer and I devoured this book almost in one sitting. There is also a beautiful love story at the heart of this book and I was sad to see Jake and Sawyer's story end! I can't wait to read Ryder's story, which is coming up next. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 (Reviewed by Cathy for The Book Bellas) I was really surprised how much I liked this book. From the start, I was having palpitations. You know when you're reading and you're waiting for a disaster to happen? That was me. I empathized with the main character right from the Prologue. This is my kind of book - Louis is 30, wealthy, hot, a womanizer with a really foul mouth. What more can you ask for? Emily is 18 years old and meets Louis while filling in as a waitress for her sister's catering job. She can't keep her eyes off this magnetic man, who has every women salivating for him. She notices that his eyes are following her the entire time. But he just leaves that night without saying a word to her. Her obsession starts from that day. All she does is fantasze about him. Louis hired her sister's company for more parties. She find out it's him and signs up to work the jobs. Louis approaches her and lets her know how he can't stop thinking about her, and how much he wants her. They go out for coffee and dinner but he is so cocky that she sets him straight, and from there on he switches because he realizes just because she's young, she's not a push over. Their obsession for each grows, they can't be without each other. They are consumed with one another. She lives for only him. He changes his lifestyle for her, stops sleeping around and breaks up the the \"boys\", his best friends. \n Will his past interfere, and her insecurities doom them? \n The sex scenes were great. I was so hot the entire read! The ending felt a little forced but all in all Love in Rewind is really worth reading. I have recommended it to all my friends! I give it a 4 - 4.5 stars.
1 One word: glorious! \n Thank the gods for Mia Sheridan! Becoming Calder is so very beautiful, my heart was overflowing in some parts, and breaking in others. This story is completely original and the characters are so brave and honest, that I was lost in this book from beginning to end. \n Calder and Eden's story is very unconventional and is very painful in parts. But their bond is so strong and passionate, that I just knew that they would be able to withstand any heartache and pain that came their way. I feel very strongly about the type of \"community\" that Eden and Calder lived in, and many scenes were almost too painful to read. I feel that the author absolutely nailed the psychological and physical abuse so accurately that it blew me away. This story unfolds layer by layer, with the reader joining in Calder's slowly dawning realization that he and his family did NOT, in fact, live in a paradise. \n \"We hadn't chosen this life. It had chosen us.\" \n Calder and Eden's love is almost magical. But there is plenty of off-the-charts heat and longing between them to satisfy every contemporary romance reader. The story has tons of twists and turns and there are so many obstacles thrown at Calder and Eden that I was afraid they wouldn't survive. \n \"Where do you find your strength, Morning Glory, he had asked me. \n From you, I had said, smiling and pulling him close.\" \n Try to read this book without reading too many reviews with spoilers. Becoming Calder is passionate, refreshingly original and completely satisfying. A must-read!! \n (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 5++ stars!! Stayed up all night reading!! Many thanks to the author for the ARC because once I started reading, I absolutely could not put it down. Karissa is a poor college student, struggling in particular with a Philosophy class. The professor is a jerk and if she gets a low grade in the class, she will lose her scholarship. \n Naz and Clarissa meet by chance outside the classroom when he stops to pay a visit to her professor. He is the quintessential bad boy, but a wealthy one, and slowly begins to sweep Karissa off her feet. She leads a very quiet and simple life, and finds herself falling hard for the incredibly sexy and overwhelming Naz. This is NOT the standard innocent-girl-meets-older-rich-guy trope, instead there are INCREDIBLE twists and some scorching hot sex!! \n Naz is a bad boy but he really does treat Karissa like a princess. There is an undercurrent of uneasiness and dread during this book but it is not until the last part of the book that the incredibly shocking plot twists are revealed. I can't wait for the next book, and as for Naz, \"Well, step aside, ladies, this one's on me!\"
1 WOW! If the rest of the Bend Anthology is this smoking hot and unexpected, then it will become one of my favorite reads of 2014. UnRaveled is darkly delicious, sensual, highly erotic and very, very sexy. This is not your usual erotica story, it is has some absolutely yummy twists and turns that satisfied even this most jaded of dark erotica readers. Ms. Bromberg has devoted as much thought and care to this novella as she does to her full-length series. This is no Driven, this is a completely separate, new story from an extremely talented writer. Dive right in, ladies, the water is HOT!!
1 Emma Chase is one of my favorite contemporary romance authors and I absolutely loved getting a Drew POV. Ms. Chase is a master (mistress?) at writing a sexy, sarcastic and funny male POV, and Tied does not disappoint! Drew is funny, smart, honest and totally lovable. \n Drew and Kate and their friends all take a trip to Las Vegas before their wedding. And of course there's a million ways that this trip could go south. One of my favorite things about this series is how the characters speak directly to the reader, and Tied delivers all of the things I adore about this series plus more. It's funny, poignant and sexy, all in one. And there are some really beautiful sentiments about marriage and commitment, too. Awwww! \n This is a light, easy, totally fun read, and is a delicious end to a beloved series. I am going to miss Drew and Kate!! \n (*ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
-1 Review to follow.
1 6 STARS!!!! \n This book HOOKED me from the first page until the very end. The author has given me another great love with M, and the story to me was every bit as gripping and gut-wrenching as Jesse and Ava's story. I was SO excited to read an early copy of this book!! One Night: Promised is a 6-star read for me and it is NOT to be missed. \n Livy is a very relatable woman, a bit of an underachiever but working hard to put her past dysfunctional family life behind her. She leads a rather quiet and sad life. At first, she resists the mysterious stranger who visits her coffee shop, but M is nothing if not persistent and she finds herself accepting his very risky proposition - spend just one glorious night together. \n \"I know a bad thing when I see it, and standing behind me is a man who could crush my logic.\" \n M is HOT and if you think this is a standard romance story, you are WRONG. M is nuanced, damaged, and yes, ultimately very lovable and Livy falls hard. This book has a TON of twists and heart-stopping turns so this review will be spoiler-free. The story is filled with fantastic, memorable characters including a wonderful supporting cast of friends and the amazing, funny and incorrigible Nan, Livy's grandmother. \n Livy has blocked off her emotions for a very long time but she cannot resist M's no-strings-attached proposition. He makes her feel alive, BUT she does push back at certain points in the story which I found to be very believable and true to her character. M has many, many faults, and he turns out to be a very flawed, very human character. I fell in love with him immediately. \n \"I've always tried to keep my life simple, but now I'm craving a complication - a tall, dark-haired, mysterious complication.\" \n I absolutely LOVED the gentlemanly, \"formal\" side of M. It fit in perfectly with his personality. This book has a slow build to it but you will be generously rewarded by sticking to the story. The author \n thrilled me to my very soul by the end of the book. M to me is a actually a very loving person, wrapped up in a stunningly handsome, rather cold exterior. He makes makes a real effort to be close to Livy, to treasure her and care for her in his own way. \n \"Beautiful things should be savored, Livy, not rushed.\" \n Overall, One Night: Promised is one of my top reads of the year so far. I absolutely cannot wait for November!! \n \"Each and every moment will be etched on that beautiful mind of yours forever. Every kiss. Every touch. Every word.\" \n *ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review. \n Check out our interview with Jodi Ellen Malpas at The Book Bellas
1 Joint review for this one. Cathy: \n 5 stars!! \n Jodi Ellen Malpas is a genius at making you feel sorry for her Alpha male even though he is so f*****d up, and knowing the heroine should RUN not walk the other way! I wanted Livy to stay and fight for Miller. And the author's phrasing is absolutely epic. I fell in love with the characters all over again in this book and wanted more. \n I adored One Night Denied. I felt that Ms. Malpas really tapped into Miller's emotions and even though I believe that we really don't know his whole story yet, I was okay with the parts of his past that the author revealed. I loved this book even more than the first one and I cannot wait for the third book. \n Ellen: \n 4.5 stars!! \n I absolutely fell in love with Miller Hart all over again. This book begins right after Book 1 so there will be no spoilers here. The passion and the intensity that Miller feels for Livy were the best parts of the book for me. My heart broke for him in this book, and I was praying that Livy would get beyond her own painful past and let Miller love her. This is a man truly and deeply in love and he would let nothing and no one stand in his way. That is one of the many things that I love about the author's tortured heroes. \n \"I'm madly fascinated by you, Olivia Taylor. You fill my dark world with light and my hollow heart with feelings. I've persistently informed you that I'll never go down easily.\" \n While I was not as obsessed with this book as I was with One Night: Promised, I absolutely loved it and I am very impatiently waiting for the next installment in Miller and Livy's story. Jodi Ellen Malpas remains one of my favorite contemporary romance authors and I treasure every word she writes. \n (Thanks to the publisher for an ARC of One Night: Denied)
1 If you love a hard-working, sexy but sweet cowboy and a feisty heroine, you will love Rising Assets! This was my first book by Rebecca Zanetti and I loved it! Although Rising Assets is part of a series, you can definitely read it as a standalone. \n Colt and Melanie have been close friends since they were very young. Life has not been easy for Mel but she is too proud to turn to Colt for any help. No need - Colt steps right in when he sees Mel struggling to work three jobs. He has a great plan for a new business venture but along they way, the friends start to see each other in a different way. And who can resist a sexy Alpha cowboy who's smart and driven at business?? \n \"If you're not smart enough to take care of yourself, you damn well do take orders from me.\" \n He stepped into her space. \"If I had really spanked you, darlin', you'd know it.\" \n Colt is one hot cowboy who never really wanted more than a one-night stand and Mel is looking for stability and a happy ending. Can they make their incredible chemistry last? Rising Assets is a hot, sexy and fairly quick read featuring a bunch of Alpha males who know how to take charge. I absolutely loved the characters and the storyline. The ending left me breathless and I can't wait to read more from Ms. Zanetti! \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
-1 Good debut from this author. Review to come!
1 Fantastic story for fans of dark romance!! \n Torrent took me by surprise and didn't let go of my heart until the last word. I need Book #2! Rafe is one of the most dangerous but most sympathetic characters I've come across in a long time. I can absolutely see why Alex has been in love with him since she was a young girl. She has lived a very rough life, perfect from the outside but tortured behind closed doors. She has had to endure unimaginable abuse, both emotional and physical. \n Heed the warnings on this book, the story is a rough one, but it is incredibly well-written, totally sexy and has a fantastic, creative plot. I loved the dual POV's which were a great way to garner sympathy for even an unsympathetic character. This is a story of obsession, lust, love and revenge, and I loved every word. Gemma James has now become a 1-click author for me. She has created a world that I did not want to leave once I finished Torrent, and isn't that the best form of escapism? \n The ending will leave you reeling and dying for the next book in this series. Not sure I can wait until release and I have already ordered the next book! I am not giving anything away as far as the plot goes because Torrent should be enjoyed without knowing any plot spoilers. Grab this one if you are a fan of dark, sexy reads with a strong Alpha male, you will not be disappointed. \n *ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.*
1 4.5 SMOKING HOT stars!! \n Um...wow...what did I just read? If It Drives is hands-down my favorite book in the Market Garden series. This story focuses on \"Red Tie guy\", the wealthy banker James Harcourt. \n His driver Cal has a crush on James, and wants to figure out why James keeps going back to Market Garden when Cal is available and literally right in front of his face. One night they cross over the employer/employee line, and what a night it is! But something seems lacking, and Cal feels that he can't quite give James what he really needs. Cal then embarks on a journey to explore his own Dom side and he and James have some smoking hot scenes together. But will James realize that Cal wants more than meaningless, one-night stands? \n If It Drives turned into a quite tender and lovely romance between Cal and James in between all the scorching hot scenes. I absolutely loved the development of their Dominant/submissive relationship and did I mention the sex scenes BURN UP up the page? I also loved the emotional connection between the characters, and Cal's inner dialogue. He came across as surprisingly thoughtful and sweet, an interesting mix with his Dom tendencies. \n This is a fantastic addition to the Market Garden series and I highly recommend this book for anyone who loves a gutsy, sexy and surprisingly emotional love story.
1 Tessa Bailey is known for writing the dirtiest-talking Alphas around. This book was released under Entangled Embrace, so it's not quite as dirty but I absolutely loved it! This is Willa and Shane's story. Willa first appeared in 'Protecting What's His', from the author's Line of Duty series, and I have been looking forward to her story ever since we met Ginger's younger sister. \n Willa has won a photography contest and the prize is a trip to Ireland. She has broken up with her boyfriend and is tortured over whether she did the right thing. She is met at the airport by her ride to the bed-and-breakfast, none other than the handsome, sexy and apparently very angry Shane. He is none to happy to be burdened with fetching Willa from the airport and they immediately argue. She stands up to him, which most people do not do, and fireworks ensue. \n Unfixable is a sexy, layered and nuanced story that captured my attention from the beginning to end. Tortured, sexy Irishman with a soft heart? Check. Beautifully described Irish locales? Check. Troubled, insecure and beautiful heroine? Check! Add some really hot and sexy times and you have a perfect romance novel. \n The characters are all incredibly well-written, Shane and Willa both have issues that they must come to terms with, and above it all, this book has real heart. I absolutely love Tessa Bailey's books and will read anything this woman writes. If you want a perfect escapist story, then Unfixable is the book for you.
1 4.5 stars!! Sweet Filthy Boy is the first book in Wild Seasons, a new series from these authors, and if the next books are anything like this one, this will be an AMAZING series! I really didn't expect to love Sweet Filthy Boy as much as I did, but the story and the characters drew me right in and this book far exceeded my expectations. \n This book starts out with a twist and builds from there. Mia and her friends go to Las Vegas after college graduation as a gift from the parents of one of the friends. Mia is determined to let loose for a weekend before she follows her father's wishes and heads off the graduate business school in Boston. She gets more than she bargained for after one wild night with the gorgeous, sexy but oh-so-sensitive Ansel, who is visiting from France. \n Mia decides to spend the summer with Ansel in France. This book really transports the reader to the different locales and I loved being lost in the story. Las Vegas, San Diego, Paris... the cities each almost became another character in the book. I absolutely fell in love with Ansel and the sexy times in this story are SMOKING HOT, off the charts! The writing is perfection and I want to get to know all of the characters better! \n I really wasn't sure how this book was going to turn out, and I was glued to the pages until the very end. I loved this book, I loved Ansel and can't wait for more in this series! \n (Copy provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 I liked this installment better than the first one! Andrew still can't get enough of Aubrey and she is still dealing with her very dysfunctional family. This is a quick read and sat on my currently-reading shelf forever. I can't wait for the next installment because this one ends abruptly and I'm dying to know what happened to Andrew to make him so screwed up when it comes to women and relationships. Loved the sex scenes, this is a quick and steamy read with good character development. Hurry up Whitney!!! I'm dying here!!
-1 This novella gets 5 stars for the absolutely smoking hot sex scenes and great dialogue, and 1 star for the often laughable supporting storyline. There are so many completely made-up details in this story that would never, ever happen in real life (and would land the main characters in a real courtroom) that it made it very difficult for me to enjoy the sexy and engaging banter between the two main characters. I did love the alternating POV's but the glaring inaccuracies in this story aggravated the hell out of me. This is pure, escapist fantasy, that can be read in just one sitting. The author does a great job at establishing an emotional connection between the characters and I definitely will read the next installment.
1 Bang is the kind of book that will make you say \"WOW\" when you finish. This review will be very vague on details because Bang absolutely must be read without any spoilers - this story will simply take you on a wild roller coaster ride from start to finish. \n All of these author's books are beautifully written but in my opinion, Bang is the best book she has written so far. I don't know where she dreamed up this storyline from, but it is gripping, erotic, gut-wrenching, suspenseful and incredibly creative all at once. I fell in love with all of the characters, and was blown away by the fantastic story. \n Bang is an absolute must-read! It is highly erotic and very, very dark. And yes, the ending will totally leave you guessing as to what happens next. I miss these characters and can't wait for the next book in this series! \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review)
1 5 Time-Is-Precious-Stars!! \n I have a confession to make: I read this book a while ago and have simmered over what I could possibly write that would do justice to this unexpectedly sexy, warm-hearted and funny story. Slow Burn was nothing that I expected from Ms. Bromberg, and it totally took me by surprise and blew me away!! \n Ah, Becks and Haddie. If you think you know them from the Driven Trilogy, you will see them in a whole new light in Slow Burn. With that being said, this book can absolutely be read and enjoyed as a standalone. Becks and Haddie had one night together and he knows in his heart that he won't be able to stay away from Haddie, even though she presents a tough-as-nails exterior to the world. He sees the real her. I read this book literally on the edge of my seat and I have never appreciated Ms. Bromberg's brand of humor more! \n Favorite quotes: \n \"Time is precious. Waste it wisely.\" \n \"I just figured you were having some regression pussy.\" \n \"Whenever I don't want to deal..., I go and have meaningless sex to not think about it. 'Slut glut, I believe is my term for it.\" \n \"Slow burn, my ass. More like fire in the goddamn hole.\" \n \"Goddmann estrogen vortex.\" \n Slow Burn will make you laugh, cry and SWOON. It's a must-read and is destined to become another beloved contemporary romance from K. Bromberg.
1 5 heart-stopping stars!! \n Oh Mia, what have you done to my heart? \n If you have read Mia Asher's first book ARSEN, then you know she is a master storyteller, taking the reader down one path and then surprising you with a twist that you didn't see coming. And that is exactly the way I felt when reading EASY VIRTUE. This book drew me in, grabbed me and didn't let go! I read this incredibly HOT book almost in one sitting. Blaire seems unlikeable, cold and calculating from the outside, but she really is a product of her sad childhood and massive insecurities that have shaped her adult life. Is she really capable of real love? I think so but you have to read this gem of a book for yourself to find out. \n I absolutely fell in love with Ronan, he seems the perfect match for Blaire and he might be the one to show her true love. There are lots of twists and turns in this book and it should be read without reading any spoilers. It is the kind of book that warrants a re-read because there are hints dropped here and there about the future of the story. Make no mistake, this is an incredibly sexy and fast-paced read, and will have you turning the pages until the very end. My only complaint: I NEED MORE RONAN, NOW!! Highly recommended!! \n (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 5+++ stars! Rex took my breath away. A must-read! \n This incredible book begins with this beautiful dedication: \n \"To every child who waited for a savior that never came.\" \n You don't need to be a fan of fighter books to absolutely cherish this heartbreaking and ultimately incredibly uplifting story of Rex and Georgia. Fighting for Flight is one of my top reads so far of 2014 and stayed with me long after I finished. \n This book paints a vividly detailed picture of the heartbreaking pasts of Rex and Georgia. He was in foster care with her, but he had a nightmarish childhood that haunts him in expected ways as an adult. He is troubled both sexually and emotionally and can never quite put his finger on what is at the root of his problems. He does know that he is attracted to the somewhat elusive new friend. \n Rex is both a singer in a band and a fighter. While he can't recall his childhood, she holds the key to his past, and while she is desperately trying to correct her past mistakes, and alleviate some of the crushing guilt she has carried with her for her entire life, she doesn't always go about it in the best way. Assumptions are made, hearts are broken, beautiful words are spoken...and during this incredible book, I absolutely fell in love with Rex. \n \"The pain. It's the only thing that reminds me I'm alive. When most of the time I wish I were dead.\" \n Georgia understands Rex on a very deep and intimate level and their scenes together are breathtaking! I was blown away by the incredible intimacy and deep emotional connection Ms. Salsbury created between the two characters, a connection that is often missing for me in most books. \n The author doesn't try to gloss over Rex's horrific childhood. His present-day obsessive-compulsive disorder is honestly dealt with and very detailed. I loved the fact that Rex was also a musician and his lyrics are testament to the author's incredible writing talent and creativity: \n Vivid dreams, different faces \n Waves of hate and lust in traces \n Festering sickness, my insides rot \n There's no pill for what I've got. \n Fighting to Forget is a must-read. It has steam, unforgettable characters, a heartbreaking storyline, intensity, creativity and emotion. Do not miss this one!! Jamie Salsbury has become my new 1-click author and I can't wait for more books in this series. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 This dark and fantastic story completely and utterly thrilled me and captivated me from the very first page. Our heroine Nila is a successful fashion designer, although she has led a somewhat sheltered life (which actually plays quite nicely into the storyline). On the night of her big runway show, she encounters Jethro Hawk and she senses immediately that her life will change. And does it ever. \n \"That was my last day of freedom. The last day that was my own.\" \n As a huge Pepper Winters fan, I absoultely loved this mind-f* of a story and the dark elements did not disturb me, but only enthralled me. It seems as though the demanding Jethro has no redeeming qualities, but I feel there are hints of much more to come about this mysterious man in the future installments. He fascinated me. The story is quite twisty and yes, somewhat fantastical, but this is a true page-turner, no doubt about it. \n \"One mistake six hundred years ago put a curse on her entire family. One mistake sold her life to me in a mountain of unpayable debt. I inherited her. I preyed on her. I owned her life and had the piece of paper to prove it.\" \n I absolutely loved this book and urge you to give it a try. Yes, there is a cliffhanger but the story is so well-written, it is truly one of a kind ad not to be missed.
1 6 stars. Absolute perfection!! \n Seriously, how can I even begin to discuss a book that has shot to the top of my list of favorite books ever? Colleen Hoover has written another magical, perfect story that will grab your heartstrings and will not let go until the very end. I have to make this review intentionally vague because there is a major plot twist in Maybe Someday that must be experienced first-hand and should not be known before you start reading this book. \n \"Sometimes in life, we need a few bad days in order to keep the good ones in perspective.\" \n Truer words were never spoken. Sydney and Ridge's story was like nothing I have read before. And Maybe Someday is SO much more than just a book, there is a gorgeous soundtrack that accompanies the story and makes this an unforgettable reading and listening experience. \n Ridge is hands-down my new favorite book boyfriend. Ms. Hoover has taken a familiar genre, and created an imaginative and unexpected story that surprised and thrilled me and left me with a serious book hangover after finishing. This book is perfection and it is an absolute must-read!! \n (ARC obtained from NetGalley)
1 4.5 stars \n Wow! A true m/m contemporary romance with two gorgeous, loving and confident men! I loved this book. I read a lot of m/m books and Always was a refreshingly different and wonderful story! I was hooked from the first glance between Avery and Kane and read this beautifully written book almost in one sitting. \n Although I am not a fan of insta-love, the author handled the stunning attraction between Avery and Kane in a fantastic way in Always. Once these two met, there was no turning back. \n \"Kane could feel his soul being extracted from his body. His heart followed, no longer his own, but given to this man he didn't even know. In a matter of a few short minutes, he had become one with this man in from of him.\" \n These two embark on a wonderful journey together and Ms. Alexander handles their lives with beauty and grace. Oh, and the sex scenes are absolutely some of the steamiest I have ever read. These two have a chemistry that jumps right off the page! I needed a cold shower after reading this book. I'll keep this review spoiler-free, because there are some major surprises that I did not see coming and this book should be read without knowing the plot twists. \n Even if you are not a fan of the m/m contemporary romance genre, I highly recommend giving this book a try. It is lushly written and completely satisfying in terms of the emotional connection between the two main characters. I fell in love with Kane and Avery and I already miss them! I can't wait to read more of Kindle Alexander's books!
1 4.5 stars!! Ridge was much more than I expected, and I really loved this book! We first met Ridge in Wild (Book #1) but this is a standalone book, and you do not need to read Wild first. \n Ridge slept with his brother's fiancee Mia, but they really never intended to hurt anyone. They really love each other but Ridge is consumed by guilt over his relationship with his brother, so he suddenly breaks up with Mia in an effort to repair his relationship with his brother. Ridge battled addictions most of his life, and breaking up with Mia sends him into a downward spiral. He had a very, very rough past, including drugs and spending time in juvenile detention, among other things. \n Ridge has now become a successful restaurant owner but his pain over Mia pulls him into a very, very dark place. He tries to have other relationships but no one can compare to Mia. Even when he was a jerk to everyone, I loved him! He was never intentionally hurtful and really wanted to make things right. \n Mia had every right not to care about Ridge, but even after he broke her heart, she really tries to do the right thing. I loved how she was a multi-dimensional character and seemed very \"real\" to me. \n Oh, and the sex! It is HOT AS HELL . I mean, really dirty, scorching hot sex scenes. I applaud you Ms. Wild! I literally read this book in a few hours. It is the kind of book where you can't tear your eyes away from what is happening in front of you. If you like a down-and-dirty story with flawed characters, you will love Ridge. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
-1 For Cathy's review and an excerpt from the book, go to The Book Bellas
1 4.5 stars! Maverick. Yes, please! \n This novel starts off with a bang and hooked me from the first page. Maverick is a HOT AS HELL Navy SEAL, a womanizer but determined to change for Windsor. Their relationship is romantic, sweet, scorching hot and challenging. There is a great cast of supporting characters and the story is very engaging. There is also just the right amount of angst. Crazy Good is the perfect book when you want a steamy read with some sweet romance and emotion thrown in. I LOVED Mav!! \n Rachel Robinson is an author to watch and I look forward to reading more from her!
1 \"Love. What else is love, if not the power to destroy?\" \n After Dark brings the fantastically addictive Night Owl trilogy to an incredibly satisfying conclusion. And what a finale it is! We are now witness to the somewhat \"normal\" living arrangements of Matt and Hannah as they return to real life after the tumultuous events of the first two books. Their relationship continues to be beautifully sexy, erotic and passionate. Make no mistake, After Dark is incredibly hot, dirty and lusty. Matt is irresistible! If not very maddening. \n \"...little secrets are like water, but if water gets into a rock and freezes, it can break the rock.\" \n Hannah and Matt both struggle in After Dark to reach a level of closeness and honesty that is sometimes brutal to witness yet real, honest and emotional. I love how both Matt and Hannah have grown and matured over the course of the trilogy, without one false note. The plot in the final book is refreshing and a complete page-turner. I will admit that I am distraught that this trilogy has ended (one of my all-time favorites, hands down), but I was absolutely entranced by the conclusion and the Epilogue. After Dark is a moody, erotic, sensual story that is a must-read book. Fingers crossed for many more books from the extraordinarily talented M. Pierce! \n (ARC provided by the publisher with thanks.)
1 4.5 stars!! \n I love picking up a book and being totally surprised and enthralled by a new author. I could not put down Besieged once I started. It is uber-sexy, scorchingly hot, but with a fantastic story that kept my attention until the last page and left me dying for more from this author! Warning: the build up to these two having sex is just as hot as when they actually get together and this book requires a cold shower or two! My favorite kind of book! \n Theo is a wealthy London businessman and Lilly works for his solicitor (lawyer in the U.S.). She's smart, sarcastic, funny and drop-dead sexy. Alhtough this might sound a tad familiar, the author really does a great job with Lilly and Theo's story as well as with making the city of London a character in the book. I absolutely loved the club scenes as well as the well-written supporting cast of family and friends. \n Lilly and Theo have some F***-HOT scenes and they literally cannot keep their hands off each other. Theo is a confirmed bachelor, he has never even wanted to spend any time at all with a woman, let alone commit to anyone. Lilly only uses guys for sex, so they enter into a no-strings-attached sexual relationship. But Lilly makes Theo fight for her at first, she's stubborn, feisty and also very funny. \n She's no pushover and is painfully aware of his player status. \n Theo can't resist Lilly and what I loved about him is that he is totally honest with her. When he begins to develop real feelings for her, he puts himself on the line and does not play games. \n Never have I gone to such lengths over a woman. I'm having to convince her that she wants me for god's sake. I close my eyes and I can hear her moaning as I taste that sweet pussy of hers. Her cries as she trembles against my tongue. Oh god. My cock stiffens immediately at the memory. \n I realise that now I know what it is to have her...I can't go back. I will fight for her, no matter what. \n All in all, I highly recommend this fantastic, sexy debut by L.P. Lovell. It's modern, totally hot and has characters that I really care about and who I really bonded with. The only thing keeping this from being a 5-star read for me was the pacing and editing which will probably go unnoticed by most readers but interrupted the flow for me. I was thrilled to read that this author will be paying closer attention next time and I absolutely cannot wait for the next book in this series. Grab Besieged, let it take you on a sexy trip to London, and enjoy! \n (ARC kindly provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 stars!! There is nothing quite like an Abbi Glines book. I absolutely love the Florida Panhandle settings, the always-surprising and juicy story lines, and the steamy, sexy scenes. Of course I LOVE Rush and Blaire, so I was excited to read more about Grant from the Rosemary Beach series. \n And even though I am not filled with hate for Nan (sorry, I can see a little, tiny bit of good in everyone!) I was completely on Harlow's side in this super-sexy installment in the Rosemary Beach series. \n Leave it to Abbi Glines to give us yet another absolutely irresistible, surprisingly thoughtful leading man in Grant. The sweet and beautiful Harlow didn't have a chance with Grant around. I loved getting inside Grant's head to learn what his possible motivations could be in sleeping with Nan. And the alternating POV's work perfectly in this story. \n Abbi Glines knows how to write some hot and dirty scenes and that's exactly what you get in Take A Chance. Along with the dramatic twists and turns (especially near the end), and the very alluring characters, I could not put this book down. I absolutely cannot wait for more Grant and Harlow!! \n Favorite Quote: \n \"I can't fight this. I don't fucking want to,\" he finished, then both his hands landed on each side of my head. \"Come with me,\" he whispered, and I broke apart into a million pieces. I screamed his name and bucked underneath him while he chanted things about how tight I was and how good I felt. \n (ARC provided by Atria in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 stars!! I absolutely loved this sweet and sexy romance novel! The story of how Kate blossoms once she arrives in Napa Valley for her latest assignment had me hooked and I read this fabulous book almost in one sitting. The chemistry between Kate and Jamie was real and relatable to me and I fell in love with the California and Chicago settings of this story. \n Kate is in a ho-hum relationship with a boyfriend who really doesn't even pay that much attention to her. and decides to leap at the chance to interview a reclusive tech millionaire at his winery in Napa Valley. She has learned to rely on only herself, which is kind of poignant and sad. \n \"I'm all I've got.\" \n Jamie is one of the winery workers and let's just say he brings Kate out of her shell. \n \"Food is like love,you know?\" \n \"Yes,\" I said breathlessly. \n \"We need it to stay alive.\" \n There is so much more to this story, and it is a richly written, lovely romance that left me wanting more! There are spoilers to this story, and no, I didn't see them coming, unlike other readers. I absolutely loved the characters and the story took my breathe away. Nowhere but Here is a must-read for lovers of a solid story, contemporary romance and a swoony leading man! \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review)
1 FRENCHED was a deliciously sexy, fun and funny romantic story!! I read this in one day and was literally transported to the City of Light in this wonderfully written and HOT story. \n Mia is almost left at the altar (her fiancee calls off the wedding a week before by text message) and she is completely depressed, especially since she is an event planner and used to making detailed, well-thought-out lists for EVERYTHING (even down to the outfits she is going to wear each day). \n \"Top Five Reasons (Out of 100) I Am NEVER Coming Out Of This Blanket Fort\" \n Mia is not a spontaneous person at all but ends up traveling alone to Paris on what would have been her honeymoon. What sounds like it might be a cliche story turns out to be SO much more as she meets a scruffy bartender, Lucas, who makes a bet with her that leads to them sightseeing together all over the city. \n This is a very, very funny book and is told from Mia's POV. It is a total escapist story and I absolutely loved every minute of it. Lucas is smart, kind, sensitive and not at all like the type of man Mia thought she would be attracted to. He breaks all the molds but he, too, has some hang-ups of his own. \n Their chemistry is AMAZING, and I wanted more, more, more!! This is a standalone book but I will say that I really would like to read more of Lucas and Mia's story. There is also a wonderful supporting cast of characters so maybe we will read more about them in the future? (Hint, hint!) \n This is a perfect, sexy little gem of a book. I highly recommend it. \n (Copy provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 Angie McKeon's debut novel is a beautifully written story about terrible loss, love and ultimately, forgiveness. This book will draw you right in from the very powerful prologue right through to the very end. Kylie and Cooper are a young married couple who have suffered an almost unimaginable loss. Unfortunately, their mutual grief almost leads to their complete self-destruction as a couple. \n At first I could not understand why they continued to torture each other but the author writes in such a way that I fell in love with both characters and with their mutual best friend Grayson. These are not perfect people and they make lots of mistakes along the way. At a few points, I almost could not stand the way Cooper and Kylie treated each other -- but then the author gives us flashbacks so you can't help but understand and even sympathize why they are so shattered, but yet so joined together \n \"We share a reckless, toxic love that feeds the brokenness in me, in us. Our love is an addiction. A love that I won't ever consider living without.\" \n Against All Odds is an outstanding debut novel from Angie McKeon. There are plenty of steamy sexy times but also tons of emotion and a really creative story that makes this book stand out from the crowd of contemporary romances. I have heard that the author has another book in the works and I can't wait to read it! \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 stars!! Kitty Thomas is my go-to author for dark erotica so I was excited to read her new release. Blood Mate is a FAIRY TALE, not really an erotic romance in any way, and is another intense story from Kitty Thomas. I don't normally read this genre of books but I absolutely loved the writing and the characters and am so glad I had the opportunity to read this book. \n August is a very powerful vampire who is cursed to forever take human victims on order to ensure his own survival. He was a good man in his former life and he desperately wants to break his curse. To do this, he must find his \"blood mate\", a woman whom he cannot \"enthrall\" or control via her mind, and who will stay with him throughout eternity. \n August finds Nicole, who is actually very happily married. Through a series of twists and turns, August creates a situation where Nicole will become his blood mate, but she doesn't give in so easily, and is a very strong and feisty heroine. August is torn by his actions but he absolutely must ensure his own survival. \n Only Kitty Thomas could create a cast of strong characters like those in Blood Lust and an fantastically creative story that will keep you guessing until the very end. \n If you want to step outside your usual genre of books, I highly recommend this dark and sensual tale. You will not be disappointed. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 stars!! \n Therapy is an absolutely beautifully written book that explores very sensitive topics of depression, bullying, self-harming and addiction in an unflinching way, but without ever dragging the reader down or making the situations too unbearable. Jessica has a tormented life, but I was cheering for her and I loved the way the author really got inside this young girl's mind. Jace comes to her rescue, but he is certainly no cookie-cutter hero and battles demons of his own throughout the book. \n The time span of this book is wide and it is a rich story filled with unforgettable characters. There are some major \"oh wow\" moments so I'll keep this review spoiler-free. Jessica is tormented relentlessly by bullies in high school. She battles depression and engages in self-harming (very graphically depicted) and makes some other very poor choices that will come back to haunt her later. Jace is the quintessential popular high school jock who befriends Jess and their friendship grows into a deep and lasting love. \n But nothing is ever easy for Jess, so this is not a hearts-and-flowers love story between her and Jace. The author writes a wonderfully detailed story and it should be read without knowing the plot spoilers! This is a must-read book for its sensitivity, writing and creativity. I loved the story and can't wait to read more from Ms. Perez. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 scorching stars!! \n As someone who reads a LOT of m/m books, I went into TAKE with some reluctance. I generally prefer male authors of m/m stories and I prefer the books to be graphic. I have read Ella Frank's books and she is a gifted and talented writer but I wasn't sure where she'd go with this genre. Well, she totally took me by surprise with Tate and Logan! I LOVED their story and highly recommend this series to anyone who appreciates lots of steam, an emotional story, and well-written, engaging characters. The story is wonderful and my heart broke a little for Tate as he struggled with coming out to his family.. \n I absolutely loved Logan's confident, take-charge personality. He is very comfortable in his own skin. And the chemistry between these two is unmistakable. I recommend reading Try first - you can read Take as a standalone but the characters and story are more meaningful if you \"begin at the beginning\". I did find the main characters to be just a little chatty at some points, but Ms. Frank more than makes up for that with absolutely off-the-charts sex scenes that are incredibly erotic. This demanding m/m reader was more than satisfied. Have a cold shower ready, you will need it after reading Tate and Logan's story! \n *ARC provided by the author for an honest review.* \n .
1 4.5 stars!! THROTTLE ME is another super-hot, sexy and delicious book from Chelle Bliss. Her books always have such a sense of heart and family infused into the smexy-ness of the story that they truly are a treat to read. I absolutely loved City - could he be ANY hotter?? - and the object of his lust, the very endearing schoolteacher, Suzy (or Suzette, City likes to use her real name and not her nickname). Often I read erotic romance that is rushed, empty, almost soulless, and Throttle Me is the compete opposite: a steamy, tattooed hot guy who has had his share of meaningless hook-ups but who has a real sense of romance, love and family. \n Tattooed, motorcycle-riding Alpha bad boy? Check. Smart, hard-working, sweet woman who is just getting her first taste of really mind-blowing sex? Check. Well-written cast of supporting characters? Check! (Hello, Gallo brothers!) There are no billionaires here, no young, blushing virgin. What I have always loved about Chelle's books are that the characters and everyday, working people, looking for love and having some super-hot sexy times along the way. \n I loved Throttle Me and can't wait for more books in this series!! \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 Devil's Game is thrilling, sexy and funny, and I absolutely devoured every yummy word. Oh, and I love Joanna's kick-ass heroine, Em! This is Book Three in the Reaper's MC Series, and has little bit different feel than the other books in the series. Devil's Game is about family, loyalty and yes, love, with all of the delicious sexy times that I love from Joanna's books. \n I fell in love with these characters and highly recommend Devil's Game!
1 There is nothing quite like a Tessa Bailey book for a good hot dose of dirty-talking Alpha. A well written story, smoking hot sex scenes and characters I actually cared make Staking His Claim a must-read. I absolutely love Matt Donovan! And since I do judge books by their covers, I also give an A+ to this steamy cover for Staking His Claim. Highly recommended. \n (ARC provided by the publisher for an honest review.)
1 BLACK IRIS is a powerful and shockingly different book that kept me up reading all night. Leah Raeder's fierce and descriptive prose is poetic and gripping and pulled at all my emotions. \n This is a stunning tale of mental illness, love, adolescent angst, sexuality, revenge and finally, self-acceptance. Laney is the voice of the story and she is not the most lovable of characters. Yes, her tale is sad and depressing at first but ultimately it is uplifting in a way that only Leah Raeder can make honest, real, believable and sympathetic all at once. \n \"Tell me something.\" He leaned closer, his voice raspy at the edges, charred. \"If you hate human connection so much, why come with us?\" Because I don't hate it. I hate how much I need it. Because you're the ones I was waiting for. Because you smell like prey.\" \n Unteachable is one of my favorite books so I could not wait to read BLACK IRIS. And Leah Raeder has written another powerful and brilliant story that will keep you guessing until the very end. It is not told in chronological order, which adds to the element of disorientation present throughout the book. Her writing style is beautiful, seductive and addicting, a world where wet eyelashes become black petals and a lowly puddle of water becomes a brilliant oil color painting. \n The characters in this book are unforgettable and I felt as though I personally knew Delaney, Blythe, Armin, Donnie and Hiyam. The writer is wise beyond her years and her glimpses into married life are brutally honest and painful and will haunt me for a long time to come. The plot is incredibly imaginative and meaningful and is not all hearts and flowers. If you are looking for a thrilling, suspenseful book with a powerful message and perfect writing, then read BLACK IRIS. It is one of the best books I have ever read. It is truly a one-of-kind story from an author with a very unique voice. \n Change isn't peaceful. Change is violent, savage, cruel. \n (ARC provided by the publisher with thanks.)
1 This book is a great read for any fan of Kristen Ashley and lovers of alpha males! Our hero Jack is a classic alpha male, in fact, he's the town sheriff and basically falls for Jenn immediately and claims her as his own. He is very sexy and I loved his no-nonsense, blunt, plain-speaking character. \n \"I'm not 9-5 suit material; I wear jeans; I hunt bad guys, and I rescue damsels in distress.\" \n Jenn has had several major upheavals in her life and ends up relocating to the town of Gunnison in the Colorado mountains. I liked that our heroine is not 22 years old but instead is old enough to have a daughter in college. Much action and drama ensue once Jenn arrive in town, and the best part for me was the romance and the very, very hot and steamy sex scenes between Jenn and Jack. There is also a crime/mystery story involved which puts Jenn in peril throughout much of the book. \n There is no question that this book is cut from the same mold as Kristen Ashley's stories. The author clearly and admittedly is a fan of KA. If you like a growling alpha male with a good heart and a feisty heroine, you will love this book. The story had some editing and grammar issues which troubled me but if the author can tighten those up, I am very much looking forward to her next book! \n This is a standalone and I loved the ending and prologue.
1 This book reminded me why I love Aleatha Romig and the Consequences series. Every event, every place, every feeling is described with such vivid detail, it becomes easy to get lost in her books! I became immersed back into Tony's world once I started reading BHE. I have always loved Tony (yes, I admit it!) so I was anxious to read his POV of certain key events from Consequences. Sometimes painful, but always insightful, BHE will take you on a roller coaster ride of emotions! \n This book is for fans of the Consequences series and is a companion book, adding an extra layer of nuance and description to Claire and Tony's story. You might dislike Tony even more after reading this book, but one thing is for sure, you will definitely have feelings one way or the other. I loved this book and can't wait for the next two companion books that the author has planned! \n (ARC provided the author in return for an honest review.)
1 This was a really good sequel but it was also very fast! I need Book 3! I absolutely love Isis, she is incredibly witty, sarcastic and fun. The author has created an amazing female character in this series, and I can't wait to read more about her! \n Savage Delight begins right where Book 1, Lovely Vicious, ends. I don't want to give away any spoilers from either Book 1 or Savage Delight so I will just say that Isis is recovering in the hospital after an attack. This book then explores Sophia and Jack's past, and what a surprise it is! \n I loved this book. The author has a witty, fast-paced way of writing, and these characters stayed with me after I finished both these books. I read Savage Delight in one sitting and I can't wait for Book 3! \n Favorite quote: \n \"The sadness will last forever. And I think he was right, but I also think he was very, very wrong. It doesn't last forever. Because we don't last forever.\" \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 stars!! I absolutely loved this very different Young Adult book from Sara Wolf! It's a smart, funny and very deeply felt story that is completely different and refreshing. Isis Blake might be one of the feistiest heroines I have ever read and she has really met her match in Jack Hunter. These two become engaged in a battle of wits and I couldn't wait to see who would back down first - or who would give in. \n These two have plenty of very, very dark secrets to hide, but balancing out the emotional story line is some really funny dialogue and sharp sarcasm. I absolutely love Sara Wolf's writing style! The supporting cast of characters are fantastic and all feel vital to the plot. And, I must mention that the cover of the book is gorgeous! The ending of Lovely Vicious really stunned me and I can't wait for Book #2 in this series. \n (Copy provided by the author in exchange for an honest review.)
1 I read this funny, very sexy, smart and very unique book in one sitting. The writing style is very different and fresh, written mostly in the form of diary entries. Emma is a smart and ambitious corporate employee and becomes personal assistant to the imposing Alaric Canon, who has burned through so many PA's that he is the subject of office betting pools. The jerk-y boss/subservient assistant has been done before, but never like this! Emma has a plan to get Alaric to notice her but he is perpetually challenging and sets standards that are basically impossible for his assistants to meet. Emma's inner monologue is hilarious, as she deals with his demanding and dominating personality: \n \"Life's a bitch, and she has several sisters.\" \n This girl has a plan to get Alaric to notice her, but her best-laid plans go wildly awry when the two take a tension-filled business trip and basically spend 24/7 together. Emma rises to Alaric's challenges time after time, and I absolutely loved the slow build-up to their incredible sexy times together: \n \"Denim in long expanses. Barely contours to his thighs. Thighs I have leaned against but not touched. Bare feet. \n Barefoot! Put some shoes on, already! How am I supposed to look unaffected and asexual \n with all this unfair fuckery happening?\" \n Emma is completely self-deprecating and really holds no illusions about the possibilities of a relationship with Alaric. I mean, he is rarely seen with the same woman twice. \n \"God, I'm not in just in the neighborhood of pathetic, I'm circling the block.\" \n Alaric really grows and develops and begins to show a more human side and I loved that he was not just a one-dimensional character. My heart was literally in my throat by the end of the book. Qwen's writing style is incredibly fresh and unique and is a most welcome addition to the contemporary erotic romance genre. I adored the conclusion and I am demanding more from this author! \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)", "date_added": "Wed Jan 15 11:45:55 -0800 2014
1 3.5 stars, review to follow
1 I am a big fan of Scott Hidlreth's writing style (his Baby series is fantastic, and I highly recommend the books) so I was excited to read Undefeated. This book is written in a raw, take-no-prisoners style which is refreshing and different. This is not the usual damaged-hero-and-heroine story but instead is a real, gritty portrayal of two people who have endured suffering and abuse (graphically portrayed, so be warned) but who manage to come together and yes, fall in love. \n Kace has what can only be described as severe social anxiety disorder and it's a miracle she even could hold a conversation with Shane, let alone let him love her. And Shane is surprisingly introspective, tender and loving, despite his sad background. \n Undefeated contains what I thought to be very realistic and detailed fighting scenes which are really written in a different style than the fighter books I have previously read, I guess due to the author being male. The erotica in this book comes a little later in the story, but is super-steamy and sexy nonetheless. \n If you are looking for a book that is written in a very raw style with very real people, then I recommend Undefeated. And please heed the author's warning about the violence, it's very, very graphic! And give his Baby series a try, you will love them. \n (ARC provided the author in exchange for an honest review.)
1 LOVE, IN ENGLISH is an absolutely magnificent, gorgeously written and totally captivating contemporary romance from Karina Halle. I think that every reader's own hopes, fears and dreams color their perception of a book, and to say that I was blown away by Vera Miles being an astronomy student is a mild understatement. I was completely fascinated from Page 1 with our heroine Vera, a whip-smart, unique, insecure beauty who marches to the beat of a different drummer. Thank you, Karina, for a heroine who's real, flawed, emotional and, in the end, very open to love. \n This book transported me to Spain with its sexy and romantic story of Mateo and Vera, two mismatched lovers thrown together by chance. Vera is a young Canadian college student who takes a temporary summer job in Spain, to provide English-only conversation to Spanish attendees. Mateo is a handsome, married ex-footballer, well-known in Europe and older than Vera but quite discontent with his life. Their love builds slowly, beautifully, painfully and with tons and tons of off-the-charts chemistry. \n While in Spain, Vera learns to slow down, appreciate life and be in the moment. The scenes between her and Mateo are absolutely breathtaking and almost painfully beautiful. He sees her inner and outer beauty, and in his eyes, she is a bright and shining star. His \"Estrella\". \n \"Design your own universe, make your own stars, write your own stories and create your own destiny.\" \n This is not a book where the decisions of the hero and heroine are made lightly or without thought to the consequences. I really felt Mateo's agony as he struggled to do the right thing but to also follow his heart and live his life to the fullest. Love, in English is ultimately a beautifully written journey of two very different people who fall madly in love. If you care about such things, this is a standalone book but you will be sad for it to end! I leave you with my favorite quote from Love, in English, and the unqualified recommendation that you read this book. You will love it! \n \"What is love? In English.\" \n I raised my brows. \"Love, in English, is love...\" \n \"What is it in Spanish? \n I was so enthralled by his hypnotic eyes, I could barely remember. \"Amore?\" \n He shook his head ever so slightly. \"No. Love in Spanish is you.\"
1 This is a SIZZLING hot, really well written story that might be one of the steamiest books I have ever read. I believe that there is a 30-page long sex scene! Give or take a few pages. This is part of the Wicked Lovers series but it really can be read as a standalone. The characters are believable, the guys are HOT, and the story is incredibly engrossing. This is one of those books where the title really says it all. \n I LOVE menage books and Shayla Black has written one of the most memorable menage stories I have ever read. With the fantastic D/s elements, this is a wonderful book and I highly recommend it. Nothing is rushed and I felt an emotional connection with the characters. I loved everything about this book! Shayla Black has become one of my go-to authors for erotic romance. I am usually not a fan of suspense elements in my romance books but I loved this story and highly recommend this book. \n (Copy provided by the author in exchange for an honest review.)
1 6 stars!!!! Archer's Voice absolutely blew me away! The characters, the setting, the story, the EMOTIONS, this book had everything I love about a great book. Mia Sheridan is a gifted and talented storyteller and Archer's Voice is at the top of my all-time favorite books. I absolutely fell in love with Archer, he has suffered unimaginable trauma and is closed off from the world. Along comes Bree and awakens his long-dormant feelings and his abilities to possibly become a whole person again. Archer is an intense, sometimes difficult character and my heart broke for him. Don't wait, Archer's Voice is a must-read!! \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 Clipped Wings for me is a somewhat dark-ish, very erotic, slow-building story that I was very glad I read once I finished. I absolutely love the tattooed and pierced Hayden and Tenley very much grew on me by the end of this story. \n I have not yet read the prequel novella, Cupcakes & Ink, but I will now run to read it. I will admit that the first part of this book was a \"slow burn\" for me, there was no rushing into romance but instead Ms. Hunting slowly reveals the badly damaged souls of Hayden and Tenley. But then WOW, the author writes some amazingly hot sex scenes, which are very much infused with love and caring and an emotional connection between the characters. Hayden and Tenley both have secrets they are afraid to share with each other, even though it becomes clear they are falling in love. \n Hayden is seriously hot and really tries to show his vulnerable side to Tenley. But she is both emotionally and physically scarred and keeps pushing him away. \n \"Everyone has scars, Tenley. If we're lucky, they're only on the outside.\" Hayden \n I ended up falling in love with both these characters by the end and I can't wait for the next book in this series! Inked Armour will be released May 13th so I can get more of my Hayden fix. \n (ARC provided by the publisher via NetGalley in return for an honest review.)
1 Wow. What did I just read? I am a huge fan of Pepper Winters and Destroyed lived up to every expectation I had, plus some. I did not read any reviews of this book before I started reading it and I am so glad I had no idea about this story other than the synopsis, so I will keep this spoiler-free. Pepper has created two of the most memorable characters I have ever read and even now I can't stop thinking about Hazel and Fox. \n This is a dark, dark journey, but hold out and keep reading because the author makes it worth your while. Our hero and heroine meet under very harsh circumstances and their story is a raw, gritty and emotional journey like no other. Yes, the sex scenes are incredibly steamy, but they are infused with a rawness and pain that is at times difficult to witness: \n \"It was the best kiss I'd ever received, but also the worst. It sparked lust and need in every inch of me. My lips wanted more, my tongue wanted savagery. My skin wanted to bruise because he needed to touch me so badly. \n All my thoughts disappeared as I nipped at his bottom lip. He flinched, but a second later he copied, his sharp canines piercing my oversensitive flesh. \n I moaned. \n I couldn't take it. \n My hands flew up and gripped his shirt. Yanking him toward me, fireworks whizzed in my fingertips; my heart galloped toward exploding with lust. I'd never been so drunk on someone before. \n Then I landed flat on my back. \n The crack of my skull jangled my teeth. The thick carpet did little to cushion me. My eyes flared wide and I grunted in pain. Fear, hot and terrible, swamped my lust in a dampening wave. \n \"Top rule. Unbreakable rule. Don't. Ever. Touch. Me.\" Fox kneeled on one knee beside my head, breathing hard. His hand noosed my throat, pressing my spine into the carpet. His eyes were cold and lifeless, looking like a hunter intent on blood.\" - HAZEL \n My heart went out to both of them and especially Fox, he was a fighter, hiding his fractured soul behind a stony, murderous facade: \n \"Fox made a sound in the back of his throat, tightening his fingers. He glared, looking ready to murder me. \"Who are you?\" His eyes darted over me as if looking for an answer. \n When I didn't respond, he swiped his face with his other hand. His forehead furrowed while his expression turned pissed and stormy. \"You think I didn't see you watching? You had your eyes all over me. Answer me. Who the fuck are you?\" His deep, accented voice stiffened my nipples even as a thrill of fear jolted through me. \n My temper gave me false courage. \"I'm not in the habit of answering such rude questions.\" -- HAZEL \n I absolutely loved the dual POV's, which are very difficult to do well, but Pepper does an amazing job at getting the reader into these character's heads. Destroyed was an absolute 5-star read for me. I do hope, however, that the small editing and grammatical will be corrected. Otherwise, Destroyed is another fantastic and completely original story from the very talented Pepper Winters. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 stars! Letting Go is a deeply felt, elegantly written story of sexual exploration and desire. Joss is trying to move on with her life after the sudden death if her beloved husband. Little does she know that his best friend Dash has always been in love with her but never acted on his feelings out of loyalty to his best friend and Joss' husband. Sparks literally fly when she walks into Dash's D/s club one night, and he realizes she is looking to be in a submissive relationship. He is shocked but thrilled at the possibility of a relationship with her. \n Maya Banks can write hot and steamy sex scenes like nobody's business! Wowser! What was beautiful about the story is that Dash and Joss had a deep connection before they have sex and there is a slow and gradual build-up to their scenes together. I loved when Joss really \"saw\" Dash for the first time as a man and a sexual partner, instead of the best friend of her husband. It was breathtaking. \n The sex scenes are totally hot and the anal play scenes are absolutely among the hottest I have ever read! There is a fabulous Epilogue and no cliffhanger, but there will definitely be more books in this series about Joss and Dash's friends. Can't wait for more from Maya Banks! \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 The Madam is a highly sexually intense and erotically-charged story of power, sex and control. Is there love? Yes, there is, in a way. The story of Lilith and her rise to become the powerful and influential head of a high-class call-girl operation is tragic at times and always gripping. Her mother trains her in the ways of the lifestyle, and Vivian will certainly not win any Mother of the Year awards. But she is sure of a woman's power and never lets her daughter forget it. \n This story spans several decades and is filled with some of the most intense sexual scenes I have ever read. Menage, light BDSM, young girls experiencing their first sexual awakenings, this book has it all. All of the characters spanning the years are fascinating, and the Miami drug scene in the eighties and nineties provides a dangerous backdrop to the main story. \n M. Robinson has an interesting way of writing where she takes you literally through the life and the mind of the main characters. It is a layered and very rich story, and not exactly for the faint of heart. Ms. Robinson is extremely talented and certainly can bring on the angst! Just please note that this book contains some very graphic erotic scenes and if that is your cup of tea, then you will love The Madam. \n (ARC provided by the author in exchange for an honest review.)
1 This book starts off with an amazingly hot scene between Kat and Ream that doesn't end well. Ream is explosive and sexy, but he is harboring some terrible secrets that cause him to turn off emotionally and push Kat away. Kat herself is keeping a huge secret from Ream and the book turns on some major misunderstandings between the two of them. \n The band is back home after being on tour and Ream aggressively pursues Kat. She can't deny his larger-than-lfe personality and his aggressive alpha tendencies. I loved this sexy, hot rocker but much of the story is spent with Kat denying her true feelings for him. I absolutely loved the two of them together, and they have incredibly explosive chemistry. \n The story felt a little rushed toward the end, with several plot threads coming together and very crucial characters all appearing at the end of the story. I love dark reads but the darker elements felt a little forced, and I would have loved a little more background on some of the characters that shaped Ream's life. The best parts of the story were when Ream opened up emotionally about his past, I really felt connected to him and Kat during those moments in the story. My heart broke for Ream and what he endured in his past and I loved how he overcame these horrible obstacles so that he could be what Kat needed. \n I loved all of the friends and bandmates and look forward to reading about Georgie and Deck. Nashoda Rose can write seem sizzling hot scenes and I look forward to reading more of her books! \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review)
1 This is an action-packed, mafia-themed book with some romance that includes a hint of a classic love triangle. The story is told from multiple POVs which can be a little disorienting but which does give insight into the three main guy characters. I loved the chemistry between Nixon and Trace but I needed more romance! Their scenes together were sizzling but not explicit. This book explores the inner workings of mafia families and if you like mob stories, then you will love that part of the plot. There are a lot of secondary characters here, as well as lots of betrayals and violence...in short, a good look into the uncertain and tough world of crime families. \n I am interested to see where Chase's story goes and hope there will be more written about him! I loved his scenes with Trace. Rachel Van Dyken is an excellent writer and there is never a dull moment with this story. Overall, I thought a Elect was a fast-paced read, with well-developed characters and lots of surprising plot twists. \n (ARC provided by publisher in exchange for an honest review)
1 4.5 stars!! If you are a fan of intense psychological thrillers, do not miss this last installment of the Evan Arden Trilogy! Evan is a shell of a man, he thinks he's unloveable and he suffers terribly from painful memories of his past. Lia might be his savior and he will do anything to protect her. The storyline is incredibly creative, and the steam factor is off the charts! \n This is a real page-turner, a true romantic suspense story. There are some memorable (and dangerous) characters here and Ms. Savage kept me on the edge of my seat the entire time I was reading this book. I loved the completely unpredictable plot and absolutely loved the chemistry between Evan and Lia! I highly recommend this book and series when you crave some major suspense and need a departure from a hearts-and-flowers story. Evan is an amazing character, and the writing is top-notch. I am glad I got to know Evan Arden! \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 First, be aware that this book is not for the faint of heart. Human trafficking, drugs, kidnapping, abuse in all forms - this story contains all of this and more. But it is also an incredibly rewarding and fulfilling book if you can make it through the very difficult parts of Tess and Q's story. \n Reading the fantastic Tears of Tess first is a must so that you can fully understand the dark and complex nature of the main characters' relationship. I had been waiting for Pepper Winers to continue Tess and Q's story and I devoured Quintessentially Q almost in one sitting. This is a highly addictive series and the writing is lush, detailed and very, very sexy. I mean, Q almost literally burns up the pages. If you like very dark erotic romance (yes, this is most definitely a romantic story), then I can't recommend this book and series highly enough. One of my favorite books this year. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 Perfect!! \n The publisher very graciously sent me a copy of this gorgeous book to review. From the minute I opened this book, I remembered why I LOVE Travis Maddox so much. This story brought me back to those treasured times when I would get lost in a book! A Beautiful Wedding answers all the questions you might have about the circumstances surrounding Travis and Abby's wedding. It is funny, it is tender, it is swoon-worthy and yes, I cried several times during the story! \n Jamie McGuire is such a great writer that I immediately re-connected with these characters and was drawn right back into their story. This novella can definitely be read in one sitting but I kind of wanted to draw it out because I love Travis so much. This fantastic story is a must-read for all fans of the Beautiful Disaster series! \n Favorite lines: \n \"We only got one shot at a wedding night, and I wanted it to be perfect.\" \n \"A Maddox boy will take you all the way to the edge, but if you go with him, he'll follow you anywhere.\" \n \"If you're not with me, it's not where I want to be.\" \n (A copy was provided by the publisher in exchange for an honest review.)
1 I absolutely love Laurelin Paige's writing style and Forever With You does not disappoint. The story begins right after Found in You ends and launches right into more delicious romance and intense chemistry between Alayna and Hudson. I loved this attentive and romantic side of Hudson! \n \"No. This is better than a beginning. This is what happens next.\" - Hudson \n There are still lots of external forces conspiring to drive a wedge between these new lovers' relationship. PLus, Alayna has her own demons to deal with which make her behaviour at times vert maddening! This book inspired a lot of emotion in me and I was really worried that she would be the one to drive the two of them apart: \n \"He'd told me once that he would always be manioulative and domineering, even when he wasn't playing games. It was who he was. Me, I would always be obssessive. I'd always question. Even when I was healthy. Asking to forget about this was defying my nature.\" - Alayna \n Hudson does all that he can possibly do under the circumstances to persuade Laynie that his feelings for her are genuine and real. But her obsessive nature bubbles to the surface on more than one occassion. \n Hudson also seems to be keeping something from Laynie despite their promises to be completely honest and open with each other. There is a very compelling storyline here that is very creative and emotional. At times, I feared that Hudson's behavior, not Laynie's, would destroy their relationship. I don't want to give any spoilers away but rest assured that this book is packed with some totally HOT sex scenes and a fantastic storyline. It is a fabulous conclusion to the series! I highyl recommend this yummy trilogy and I hope there will be more written about these characters in the future. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 I'll admit it. Even though I am addicted to reading, sometimes I get a little jaded...And then a book like Tangled comes along, and BAM! Just like that, I'm addicted to reading again. Seriously, a book that cites Braveheart, the Borg, an NYU sex study and frogs? I'm in. \n Tangled is one of the most original books I have ever read. Told from the main male character Drew's POV, the very talented author gives the reader a peek into how guys really feel and think: \n \"Every healthy man in the world wakes up with a stiffy. A fatty. Morning wood. I'm sure there's some medical explanation for the phenomenon, but I just like to think of it as a little present from God.\" \n Drew is insanely attractive, smart, hard-working and very wealthy. Sounds cliche, right? In the hands of this talented author, Drew is one of the most memorable and original characters I have ever encountered! I love Drew's inner monologues. They are both hysterically funny and very, very touching. He's a self-confessed womanizer who meets his match in the very smart and gorgeous Kate Brooks. He falls hard for Kate and all his old rules about women and dating fly out the window. \n \"Women fall in love quicker than men. Easier and more often. But when guys fall? We go down harder. And when things go bad? When it's not us who ends it? We don't get to walk away. \n We crawl. \" \n The author has described the genre of Tangled as \"Comedic Erotica\" and \"Funny Smut.\" Both phrases describe this book to a tee. It is both hilarious and very, very intense. I started reading this book past midnight and did not want to put it down. Seriously, it's that addictive. Don't waste time reading this review. Start reading Tangled. You will absolutely fall in love with Drew! \n ARC provided by the publisher in exchange for an honest review.
1 The Hard Ink Series by Laura Kaye is a thrilling and super-sexy series! I loved the first book As Hard As It Get, and Hard As You Can delivers another romantic suspense story with Shane and Crystal. Their story begins almost immediately after the first book. They both have suffered terribly, in different ways. Crystal is a waitress at a strip club, paying off an old debt while taking care of her special needs sister. Shane is a protective former Special Forces Officer who is intrigued by Crystal and wants nothing more than to take care of her. \n These two are dealing with some very tough circumstances, to put it mildly. There is a pretty detailed backstory in Hard As It Gets that might be helpful to read before Shane and Crystal's book to give you a sense of the characters and their relationship to each other. I absolutely loved the sexy scenes between Shane and Crystal and the twists and turns that Laura Kaye does so well. If you like super hot military men and a steamy story with some mystery and intrigue thrown in, than Hard As You Can is for you! \n (ARC provided by the publisher in exchange for an honest review)
1 4.5 stars!! Settle in and enjoy this sexy and witty novella from the wonderful Emma Chase! Light and hilarious, Holy Frigging Matrimony will hold you over until the next installment arrives from Ms. Chase. This short story offers Drew's oh-so-masculine POV and plenty of sexy times to satisfy even the most jaded reader. The author is a fantastic writer, and packs an action-filled plot into a small package. Loved this story! Treat yourself to a sexy and hilarious read from the one and only Emma Chase. \n (ARC provided by the publisher in exchange for an honest review)
1 5+++ stars!! \n I love to read and I read a ton of books. Among all the books I have read, Night Owl is one of my top favorite books of all time. I could not wait to get my hands on Last Light. And let me just say that M. Pierce delivered big-time with this book. \n Matt Sky makes my heart hurt. I have not stopped thinking about him since I finished reading Last Light. Wait, what? He's a fictional character? That's okay. I'm still obsessed with him. \n Last Light picks up as Matt has faked his own death, and retreated to a life of solitude in the woods. He simply cannot bear the attention and acclaim that came with being a famous author. He has convinced Hannah to play along with his ruse, much to her growing dismay. Poor, beleagured Hannah is forced into the charade as she attends Matt's memorial and is faced with lying to his family and an ever-growing web of deceit. And hello, Sky brothers! In Last Light, we get to know uber-sexy, bad-boy Seth, who I hope and pray will get his own story soon. Seth is absolutely irresistable. But I digress. Matt made me very uncomfortable with his growing deception, and his relationship with a new character named Melanie. If she was supposed to be a sympathetic character, I'm not buying it. I hated her!! \n I don't want to give away any plot spoilers so I will just say that I am in love with this series and with this author. The sense of melancholy that pervades this book is completely haunting, but is perfectly balanced with humor and some of the hottest sex scenes you will EVER read. Did I mention that M. Pierce is a brilliant writer? I haven't stopped thinking about this book since I finished and I might have to go back in for a re-read. The cast of characters from this series are unforgettable. I cannot wait for After Dark! \n (*ARC reviewed from NetGalley)
1 4.5 stars!! Hard As It Gets not only hooked me in from the first page, it actually had me at the cover. Whoa! The publisher was kind enough to send me a paperback and it is stunning. Now, on to the novel. I absolutely loved this very suspenseful and totally HOT story of Becca and Nick and the introduction into the Hard Ink world. Becca is frantically searching for her missing brother, and her search leads her to Nicholas Bixey and Hard Ink, the tattoo parlor he co-owns with his brother. Nick resists her at first but then is drawn into helping her, due to the deep ties he had with her military father and because he is completely attracted to her. The action begins and doesn't let up until the last page. There are some loose ends left (NOT a cliffhanger though!) and I can't wait to see where the author takes us with the underlying mystery. \n One of the reasons why I loved this romantic suspense story is because the relationship between Becca and Nick builds nicely and is very believable. Yes, their chemistry is off the charts but they both treat each other with respect and Becca could have been a pushover but she's actually a very strong character. \n Hard As It Gets is a tough, sexy, action-filled mystery filled with well-written, fantastic characters. I'm eager to read more about each and every one. Nick is one hot Alpha male and I loved the VERY steamy sexy times between Nick and Becca. Wowza! Ms. Kaye really knows how to turn up the heat! This was my very first Laura Kaye novel and I'm hooked! I'm looking forward to reading more books in this series. \n (ARC provided by the publisher in exchange for an honest review)
1 A lush, sensual, erotic and suspenseful story that is at once poignant and dangerous. Another must-read from.SR and easily one of my top reads of 2015!! \n To say that I was ecstatic to read this book is an understatement. \n The Raven has everything I love about Sylvain Reynard's writing and more. Lyrical, erotic, sensual and mysterious, The Raven begins another addictive series with the introduction of Raven and the Prince. This book is a must-read!! \n Professor Emerson and his wife do appear here, but Raven and the Prince are themselves insanely fascinating. Even if you are not a huge fan of paranormal stories, this book is a must read for the thrilling story and lush, intensely sexual scenes. We are introduced to the Prince, leader of the City of Florence, who is at once cold and calculating but beautiful in his own right. He cannot stay away from Raven and feels compelled to help her again and again. He sees in her virtue and goodness, and she awakens long-dormant feelings that he never believed he could have, even at his own peril. \n \"I'm afraid that trouble is not what you do. Trouble is what you are.\" \n Raven is an unlikely heroine and I fell in love with her! She is damaged goods, inside and out, and her painful history is hinted at and then ultimately explained. She is an extremely sympathetic character and I cannot wait to read more about her in the next book. The Prince, too, is surprised at his attraction to her; might she lead him to redemption and true love? \n \"In many ways, we are the most perfect match. We see each other as we are, but neither of us views the other as broken.\" \n I am not articulate enough to adequately describe the virtues of this book! Part art history lesson, part paranormal romance, part erotica, it is a must read for all fans of Gabriel's Inferno - and even for those readers new to the series. This book can be read as a standalone but is best understood after having read the GI series. The Raven is engrossing, suspenseful, sexy and and yes, humorous. Do not miss this book! And while it has a a fabulous conclusion, there is much, much more to come for these characters and I cannot wait for more!! \n Favorite quote: \n \"You are my greatest virtue and my deepest vice.\"
1 This book drew me in right from the first few pages. Lorrie has been (understandably) struggling with the tragic deaths of both parents. She has returned to college after taking time off and feels overwhelmed by her life. She is almost literally thrown right into the arms of the incredibly hot Hunter \"The Hammer\" Jensen, a fellow college student who also happens to be a sexy MMA fighter. Lorrie finally feels a little emotion, but refuses to let herself become romantically involved with Hunter. \n I really loved Hunter. He is sexy, incredibly sweet to Lorrie, and doesn't give up when Lorrie tries to keep him at arm's length. There's a slow build up to their relationship, but when they get together, BAM! The floodgates really open up, so to speak! The author really knows how to write incredibly steamy sex scenes, and Hunter and Lorrie are totally HOT together. \n There were parts of this story that I became frustrated with Lorrie. I mean, this gorgeous and really caring guy wanted to be more than friends but she kept pushing him away. It then becomes clear that Hunter also has a wounded soul and is maybe hiding a secret or two of his own. \n I really enjoyed this book. What started off as a typical college story turned into something more for me. I liked the creative plot and the emotion between Lorrie and Hunter. This book ends on a very suprising note and I can't wait to read more of Lorrie and Hunter's story! \n (Copy provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 Saving Alexander is a very sexy, very raw, and very emotional m/m love story with a thriller thrown in for good measure. As a fan of the m/m genre, I found the story to be very gripping and very satisfying in terms of the heat factor. I read a fair amount of m/m books and I generally find female authors to be a bit less gritty, but I will say the sex scenes in Saving Alexander did not disappoint! The heartbreaking description of Alex's background, from which he tries to find some sort of healing through BDSM sessions, is balanced out nicely by the loving relationship he finds with Sage. There is a suspenseful storyline here along with the very erotic romance between Sage and Alex. The only minor drawback for me was that these two talked A LOT about their relationship and their feelings. But overall I really liked this book and found it to be incredibly well written and enjoyable! Definitely a must-read for any fan of m/m books. \n *ARC provided by the author in exchange for an honest review*
1 First, let me be a little superficial and say that I have always loved this book cover and now after reading Eversea, I can say that everything on the cover has significance, from the colors to the shapes to the objects. I love it when that much thought goes into a cover. Okay, now, onto the story. I read this fantastic book in one day! Jack and Keri Ann totally drew me in and would not let go. I absolutely loved the Southern beach town setting and the not-so-pretty glimpse into the world of Hollywood fame and superstardom. The author has created very passionate and complex characters that I related to from the first page. And the steam factor is perfect! Both characters have complicated histories that are slowly revealed, making for an emotional and at times, shocking read. Book Hangover factor was a 10 on this one. Loved this book and cannot wait for its sequel, Forever, Jack.
1 There are a lot of books competing for your attention but The Dark Light of Day is a must-read! Gritty, sexy, rough, heartbreaking, but uplifting and yes, romantic, Abby and Jake will get under your skin, and you won't soon forget them. Abby has had a hard-knock life and is beaten down at every turn. Jake is sexy and dangerous but there's a lot more to him than meets the eye. These two battle almost insurmountable odds and the author's writing will keep you frantically turning the pages until you finish. Loved the conclusion to this book. I adore this author and can't wait for her next book, King. \n (Photo courtesy of the author)
1 4.5 stars!! Fantastic story with depth, steam and heart. I picked up Jake Undone and was immediately drawn into the story, without knowing too much about the author or the characters. I recommend reading Gemini first but I don't think it's 100% necessary. Jake and Nina captivated me from the the first page. They begin in the friend zone as roommates but it's clear there is so much more to Jake than he is revealing to Nina. He is hot, tatted, passionate, and surprise, an engineer! Nina is beautiful but filled with phobias which Jake helps her overcome. \n These two have amazing chemistry, and the story is totally captivating! This book was a complete surprise. Jake and Nina's sexy times are absolutely incredible. The story has two major plot twists (yes, two!) which completely took me by surprise. The author has created a very memorable book boyfriend in Jake. And the dual POV's are perfect. I am so happy to have found Jake, Nina and author Penelope Ward and look forward to her next book!
1 4 1/2 stars! A very grown-up sequel to the first book in this series, Disclosure of the Heart is a wonderful story about second-chance love. Nicki works in the White House, traveling with the President and in a seemingly passionate relationship with Juan Carlos. Along comes Adam, now a BBC reporter who now has a long-term girlfriend. Nicki can't forget her first love Adam but a relationship between them now would violate lots of rules, both personal and professional. There is lots of back-and-forth between Adam and Nicki and although at times, I wanted their relationship to speed up a bit, it was actually very realistic. I was pleasantly surprised at the steam factor in this book! I loved it! Mary Whitney obviously did her research here on the politics of working in the White House. This is a very smart, sexy, adult book, and is a great conclusion to Adam and Nicki's story! \n (An ARC was provided by the author in exchange for an honest review)
1 Fantastic, page-turning, gripping and unbelievably hot book. I am in love with both characters! Thank you, M. Pierce, for Matt and Hannah! By far, one of the most creative stories I have read in a long while. Drop everything and read Night Owl! \n Read our full review here
1 Samanthe Beck has written a hot, sexy, smutty and fabulous military book! Michael is strong, loving, sexy as hell, and meets Chloe under very funny circumstances, Chloe is his free-spirited neighbor who has been very unlucky at love and can't believe this gorgeous Marine would be attracted to her. Their sex scenes are totally hot and the story overall is very well-written and believable. I loved the Epilogue! I am a new fan of Brazen and Samanthe Beck and highly recommend Falling for the Marine, especially when you want a fairly quick, smutty book with a gorgeous and sweet Alpha. Happy reading! \n (ARC provided by the publisher)
1 5+++ stars!!! \n If I could give this book 10 stars, I would. Fighting Redemption belongs on everyone's must-read list. The writing is perfection, the story is emotional, sexy, funny, beautiful and thrilling, and the characters will stay with you long after you finish the words on the page. \n Kate McCarthy has created a memorable novel that is filled with so much emotion, loyalty and love, that I don't even know how I can do justice to her written words. I absolutely fell in love with Jake, Ryan and Fin and was rooting for all of them from the first page! Ryan had very painful childhood and grows up desperate to leave his small town far behind. He has a burning desire to join the military and no one, not even the beautiful and sweet Fin, can change his course. He loves her deeply but feels that he must let her move on with her life because the military will always come first for him. \n \"He shouldn't still be feeling this way after so many years. Why was he doing this to her, and to himself? It was better for everyone if he stayed away like he was supposed to.\" \n Fin, too, tries to move on but is drawn to Ryan and can't let go. \n \"She took a step closer and he breathed her in, her scent like jasmine on a hot summer's day. He was surprised when he looked into her eyes and saw anger burning hotly in their depths.\" \n The book perfectly outlines their struggles to love, overcome loss, and be real and honest with one another. \n \"Why can't I force myself to leave?\" He rested his forehead against hers and closed his eyes. \"I hurt too. For six years I fought every day not to think of you, and I lost, because every day you were all I could see. You were the best thing in my life--so sweet and innocent, and so goddamn tempting.\" His hand strayed from her hip and slid down to grip her ass. He swallowed the groan. \"I stayed away so you could move on.\" \n This is easily one of my top books of 2013 and it is a must-read!! Fighting Redemption is the perfect mix of Alpha heroes, emotion, sexy times, a great story and extremely well-written characters. There are also several great twists to the story which will keep you on your toes. Kate McCarthy is an extremely gifted writer and I can't wait for more stories from her. (And I heard that she is writing a bonus chapter to Fighting Redemption, so stay tuned!)
1 The gorgeous cover of Undertow always intrigued me and I am happy to say that the writing fully matches the cover. This is a beautifully written story that has family drama, a great plot and a twist on the usual romance story. I loved the characters of Aesa (great name) and Decker. I also loved Aesa's father, the ship captain who seems to have everyone's respect excerpt for his daughter's. \n Secrets are revealed, lots of action and romance ensue, and I couldn't put this book down, I read it in one sitting. I really cared about Aesa and Decker and felt emotionally connected to them. Treat yourself and read Undertow, you will not be disappointed. There is no cliffhanger here and this book is a standalone, but I would really love to read more about these characters! Amber Lynn Natusch is a wonderful writer and I can't wait to read more from her. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 3.5 stars!! Always You is a very hot, sweet and sometimes angsty story of a student-teacher romance. Wrenn is very mature for an 18 year old and Dalton is only a few years older, just out of college. Added to that is the fact that he is teaching at her school on a temporary assignment, filling in for a teacher on maternity leave. \n Their attraction builds, and their scenes together are very satisfying and super-steamy. This story is perfect for when you need a sexy, fairly quick read that is a standalone with no cliffhanger. I didn't feel too much of a taboo feeling towards their relationship, but I was on pins and needles waiting for the other shoe to drop. \n Dalton is hiding a life-changing secret that is hinted at from the beginning. I liked the sensitivity with which the author dealt with his topic, and the ending and prologue were nicely satisfying. Always You is another enjoyable, sexy and emotional read from Missy Johnson.
1 4.5 stars! LOVE LOVE LOVED it!! \n Jace and Colt (love the name) have been admiring each other from afar for years. Jace is openly gay but Colt is closeted. This book literally hits the ground running, and doesn't let up until the end. I was hooked right away and loved every minute of this very beautiful, sexy and dramatic story. And let me tell you, this story is HOT!! \n When Colt and Jace first get together, there are almost fireworks exploding! \n \"Let me tell you what I am sure of, what I want. I want you to fuck me tonight. I want you inside me. It's my first time, but I know I liked your finger in my ass when we made out in the locker room. How do you feel about that?\" \n I loved Jace, he is kind and loving and only wants the best for Colt. He could have pushed Colt to come out of the closet but he didn't. He is loving and protective, even though he gets hurt by Colt's actions. These characters tragically spend years apart, and during that time, I also felt huge sympathy for Colt. Living his life as a lie brings him nothing but pain and heartache. But he courageously makes a lot of changes and as part of that, he goes after the love of his life, Jace. \n \"No, I just need a minute, that's all. I've thought about this night for a long time. I want this, and I want it with you.\" Colt kissed Jace's lips, a smile spread across his face. \"I plan on doing this often. Just be gentle with me, or not. Whatever.\" And with that, Colt gave a devilish smirk, winked, and turned on his heel, not bothering to look back as he stepped inside the bathroom. \n I loved the beautiful love story between Jace and Colt. It gets a but melodramatic at times but the love scenes are fantastic and I loved the whole storyline about being openly gay in the world of professional sports. I love a sexy M/M story with two male leads who are devoted to each other. Beware, this book is also filled with some pretty hateful characters! There are also some great supporting players. In particular, I am hopeful that Mitch will get his own story! This is my first book by Kindle Alexander and I can't wait to read more from her. \n (ARC provided by the author in exchange for an honest review.) \n Favorite Quotes: \n \"You're so freaking hot, Michaels. As much as I love watching you suck my thumb, I have bigger plans for you. I wanna show you how good this can be. I need to be buried balls deep inside you, and I will be, but I want you good and relaxed before we start.\" \n \"I'm not gonna say it now, but I hope you see where I'm going with this. I want the promise of someday from you. That's all I'm asking, Jace.\" \n \"I love you, Jace. I always have, and through all my mistakes, I wanted you to know I've never said that to anyone else. Only you.\" \n \"You're so beautiful, Jace. I need to memorize everything about you so I can remember this moment while I'm on the road with the team and can't get home to see you.\"
1 Once I got into this book, I was rewarded with a dramatic, VERY sexy story with a fabulous story and memorable characters. There is a little bit of a Colleen Hoover and Jamie McGuire vibe about this book, but it is also very adult on many levels, despite the college setting. \n Amber, Brock and Ryder are all very complex characters and their histories makes it easy to understand and empathize with them as they plunge headlong into a steamy and passionate relationship. Amber especially has suffered terribly, but has pulled her life together (somewhat) by attending college in Maryland. \n \"... (T)heir safety net came too late, unable to save me from my ancient habits. I continue to disconnect, self-destructing one man at a time, using sex as a brain detox. Sex is and will always be where I find control, a hidden shelter keeping me benign from the cancer that will forever disease the dark, frayed edges of my thoughts. Starting at the age of fourteen, I've abused, loved, craved, and hated sex in ways most people can't fathom. It'd rock their skulls. I've given it away without feeling a morsel of anything for the person on the receiving end and, many times, accepted it from those I knew couldn't stomach me.\" \n Amber is deeply attracted to both Brock and Ryder but Gail McHugh makes it very understandable how their feelings develop, even though Brock and Ryder are best friends: \n \"Despite my friendship with Brock, Amber's worth a few rounds in the moral boxing ring.\" \n The plot was unexpectedly thrilling, and there was a rawness to this book that I did not expect. The characters were also unexpectedly sympathetic. I had a few minor drawbacks with the story but overall, I felt that Amber to Ashes was a very fresh and surprisingly sexy story that left me wanting more from this author! \n \"Attraction. Lust. All a lethal but beautiful cocktail that's about to combust, exploding each of us into a state of numbness, a state of healing through what we need. Each other . . .\" \n (ARC provided by the publisher in exchange for an honest review.)
1 Oh. My. God. What took me so long to read these books? LOVE this series! \n Remember When 2 takes place almost a decade after high school and everyone has gone their own way. Layla is a journalist and finds herself in a position to interview Trip, who has gone on to become a major Hollywood star. She has never forgotten Trip but assumes he has moved on with his life. In fact, she is engaged to a seemingly perfect guy. \n \"Trip Wilmington had been a gorgeous teenaged boy, no question. But Trip Wiley was a gorgeous young man exuding raw, unabashed sex at every turn.\" \n Even though so much time has passed, Trip and Layla pick up their easy friendship right away. They have a lot of shared history together and Trip feels comfortable in Layla's presence. Their undeniable physical attraction is there, too, but will it be enough for both of them to face the truth about their feelings for each other? \n The author kept me on the edge of my seat the entire time I was reading this book. Would Layla and Trip get a chance to correct their past actions? This is an absolutely amazing, witty and emotional book and I don't want to give away any of the spectacular plot here. Suffice it to say my heart stopped a few times while reading, and I am not sure I can recover from the serious book hangover! This series has become one of my all-time favorites. Read it so you can fall in love with Trip and Layla, too!
1 Can you ever recapture the thrill of your first love? T. Torrest has gifted us readers with a nostalgic, sweet, sexy and emotional story about two high schoolers trying to navigate the treacherous waters of first love. More than anything, Trip and Layla are great friends, but both are too young and perhaps inexperienced to move things forward in the romance department. \n Trip has become one of my favorite book boyfriends. He is sweet, gorgeous, a little insecure and a little damaged. I absolutely devoured this nostalgic story about small-town life and loved all the swoon-worthy moments in this book. Trip is the new kid in school and Layla quickly befriends him. But she falls for him, and isn't sure of his feelings for her. The story takes place during senior year of high school so everyone is getting ready to go their own way, which adds to the overall poignant atmosphere of the story. \n Remember When is a rich, funny, witty and beautiful look back at the feelings of our first true love. It is fast paced and filled with memorable characters. The final chapters of this book might contain one of my favorite scenes ever in a book. I am still thinking about it. I can't properly explain all the feelings that the author evoked in me while reading this book, but thank goodness I could start Book 2 immediately after finishing! I did not want to leave Trip and Layla and you won't either. One of my top books so far this year.
1 5+++ stars!!! \n I cannot get enough of Pam Godwin's books. Deliver is another deliciously dark and sexy book, which will sicken, stun, surprise and arouse you. \n I could not put this book down. Forget what you think will happen in this book, because the author will totally surprise you with the characters and the plot. No one is all bad, and no one is all good. Yes, I even felt a little sympathy for Van, in all his f****d-up glory. Deliver is a perfectly written, dark thriller, with everything I love in a book: emotionally-connected characters, an incredibly twisted storyline, and scorching hot sex scenes. \n Deliver is a must-read for fans of dark romance. I did not want this book to end, and I can't wait to read more from Ms. Godwin!! \n (Copy provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 stars!! The Bellas' joint review: \n Cathy: I really liked this story about Jackson and Serenity! I felt sympathy for Serenity because of the situation she was forced into by Hogan, at the same time I was mad at her for doing what she was to the MC. I really loved Jackson. He's kind and helpful underneath the rough exterior. He really wants to help Serenity sort her shit out. It doesn't \n hurt that that he is hot as hell and the sex is great. Knights' Sinner is a great, quick read. \n Ellen: Once again, Bella delivers a super-hot, sexy story with characters you can sympathize with. I loved Serenity and the chemistry between Jackson and her is amazing. There are some super-steamy scenes between them, I loved Jackson because he is a little older and really knows what he wants. The age difference between Jackson and Serenity keeps things interesting. The story has just enough tension and drama to keep this a page-turner, there is some violence but the sex is HOT HOT HOT. And although I am sad that this is the last book in this series, Muff will be getting a novella! I can only hope it will be as hot as the MC Sinners' books!
1 Calling all romance junkies, Torn is for you! This book wraps up the incredibly sexy, complicated and intense story between River, Dahlia and Ben that began in Connected. I could not imagine where these characters' story would end up after the shocker at the end of Connected, but Ms. Karr has given us an incredibly satisfying conclusion, along with a ton of emotion, sex, angst, betrayal and plot twists! \n Dahlia and River's relationship is threatened by the shocking reappearance of Ben...River is jealous and angry...Dahlia is confused and insecure in her relationship with River...and Ben wants Dahlia back. River and Dahlia have a seemingly loving and beautiful relationship, but will their devotion to each other survive all the obstacles thrown in their path? Although I felt a little sorry for Ben throughout the story, I was thrilled at the conclusion to these characters' stories, and completely shocked by the very surprising revelations about several main characters near the end of the story. \n There is lots of romance and sex in Torn, to balance out all the emotion and drama! I really love the author's writing style. Plus I was thrilled to learn that there will be more books in this series about characters from Connected and Torn. I'm definitely looking forward to reading their stories!
1 This was the first book I have read by this author and although this is the third book in a series, you can definitely read this book as a standalone. I loved Adam and Mia. He is a tough-talking, Alpha cop and she is a beautiful redhead who doesn't take BS from anyone. I loved Adam and Mia's near-constant fighting almost as much as I loved their incredibly hot sex scenes. These two can't stay away from each other even though they drive each other crazy when they're together. The book is told in a series of alternating POV's which I loved. Adam and Mia married young, and suffered through an incredibly painful tragedy. A series of unfortunate misunderstandings leads to their breaking up, but they never stopped loving each other. At times during the story, I found Mia's behavior to be absolutely infuriating but I really grew to love her about half-way through the book! And Adam is amazing! All he wants to do is provide a home for Mia. He is a really good guy but he always says the wrong thing. \n There is an exciting storyline and a very satisfying epilogue to Adam and Mia's story. Sometimes, you need a break from all the wealthy billionaire/innocent heroine love stories with a story about two very down-to-earth and relatable characters and this is the perfect antidote. I am going to read the first two books in this series and I am looking forward to more stories from this author! \n **An ARC was provided by the author in exchange for an honest review.**
1 Her is a sweet, romantic story with just the right amount of steam. I love alternate POV's and the author does a great job in giving us Will's version of his and Sarah's story. The male POV and the sexy scenes keep this story from being too sweet or sentimental. Carey Heywood is a very talented writer and really brings these characters to life. Will is totally swoon-worthy and is fantastic book boyfriend material! He is sooo romantic! Overall a lovely, romantic story with some hot scenes and just the right touch of emotion!
1 My first thoughts when I finished were, \"WTF did I just read?? Speechless. Amazing story!!\" I loved this book. It drew me in, kept me enthralled until the end, and made me fall in love with Twitch. I cared about the characters and loved the supporting cast as well. The author is incredibly inventive and I found the plot to be very exciting and the sex thrilling. Did I mention that I absolutely love Twitch? I would love more, more, more about Twitch and Lexi but I understand the next book might be about Julius. This book will definitely be on my top books for 2014. A must-read. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 stars, loved it! Surprisingly funny, thrilling, and sexy. Do not shy away from Good because of the student-teacher storyline! This book is filled with plenty of funny and witty moments to go along with the dramatic, emotional and very sexy scenes. The book is an emotional roller-coaster but the author wisely lightens up the drama with just enough light-hearted moments to make this one very enjoyable and read-in-one-sitting book. \n Cadence is a high school student who made one pretty bad mistake one night. She is sent to juvenile detention, and when she returns to high school, she is horribly bullied and becomes a total outcast. Her parents are in complete denial about her situation at school, adding to her desperation and loneliness. The only bright spot (well, two, more about that in a minute) is her smart, kind and oh-so-sexy teacher, Mark Connelly. He recognizes the torture Cadence is suffering through at school and befriends her. He finds her beautiful, funny, smart and sensitive beneath the tough-girl attitude she tries to adopt at school. \n The other bright spot in Cadence's life (and in the book) is her friend Avery, a sarcastic, funny and very smart girl who helps Cadence through some of her toughest moments. I loved Avery! And the teenage-girl banter between Cadence and Avery is hilarious, sad, dirty and sweet, all at the same time. \n Back to Mr. Connelly. I loved him. The forbidden aspect of their relationship only made it more thrilling (and poignant) for me. Adding to the age difference, Cadence comes from a strict Christian home and she constantly battles with what she has been taught. Is she a bad person? No. Is Mark a bad person? Absolutely not! I absolutely loved both characters, loved reading about their internal struggles and loved their beautiful and tender love scenes together. Sexy, thrilling, funny and emotional, you get it all with Good. Don't miss it. And yes, there will be more in this series, and I cannot wait!
1 4.5 stars! Man of My Dreams is a sweet, emotional, sexy and beautiful story! This book has a lot of heart. Faith Andrews drew me me into Mia's story from the very beginning, grabbed my heart, and didn't let go until the last page. To call this a second-chance love story doesn't really do this wonderful book justice. Mia and Declan married very young, had children right away and got caught up in the same problems many married couples face: he works very long hours, she feels under-appreciated and unattractive, he is a little resentful, their young children demand a lot of energy and attention, etc. etc. Declan is a gorgeous, sensitive, smart and loving husband but Mia always dreams about the \"what-ifs\" with her high school crush, Noah. \n Is the grass always greener on the other side? You will have to read Man of My Dreams to find out. There are no bad people in this book! Mia, Declan and Noah are all good, loving characters who find themselves a little weighed down by the ordinary problems of life. The author has written some wonderful characters here, and I absolutely loved both Declan and Noah. I was thrilled at the conclusion of this book. I don't want to give any spoilers away because the author really kept me breathlessly guessing up until the very end where this story would go! \n Man of My Dreams is a very well-written, touching and fast paced debut story and I am looking forward to more books from Ms. Andrews! \n (ARC provided by the author in exchange for an honest review)
1 Beat of the Heart is Book Two in the Runaway Train series and is a hot, sweet, entertaining and romantic book. AJ is the Latino drummer that we met in Book One. The ladies fall all over him but he is searching for something more meaningful. A chance meeting with nurse Mia might be just the cure for him. We are treated to lots of hot sexy times with AJ and Mia but will she let down her guard and let him in to her heart? \n Mia is introduced to AJ's rock musician lifestyle and wonders if she can deal with his crazy lifestyle, even though she really does begin to develop deep feelings for him. I love books with a dual POV so this was a big plus for me. I also liked the fact that Mia is pretty much an average working woman and yet AJ sees her as beautiful, desirable and sexy. \n Beat of the Heart is a fairly light, erotic and well written book. Ms. Ashley's writing style flows well and I cared about the characters. If you want a break from a heavy, angsty book, then Beat of the Heart is for you. Enjoy! \n ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.
1 I read Freeing Asia and am a big fan of E.M. Abel's writing. She writes real new adult characters, who are not perfect by any means and who are all looking to find themselves a little bit. There are connected characters in Breaking Shaun, but you absolutely can read this book without having read Freeing Asia (although I totally recommend it because it's awesome) Breaking Shaun tells the story of Natalie and Shaun, Asia's brother. He is a hot and sexy, gorgeous surfer, a total manwhore who is unapologetic in his behavior but in his defense, completely honest and open with the girls that he sleeps with. Full disclosure. but it doesn't make for any less drama on the part of the girls he leaves behind. He is NOT interested in any kind of lasting relationship at all. \n Shaun then meets his match in the smart and sexy Natalie. She has moved to town to get a fresh start and starts work as a bartender. She, too, doesn't believe in true love and uses guys for sex. Perfect match for Shaun, right? Natalie has her reasons for this behavior which we find out later in the story. \n Shaun and Natalie's group of friends like to party so there is lots and lots of wild nights out drinking and smoking pot. Shaun and Natalie start off as good friends and move towards a deeper relationship when they have the most mind-blowing sex of their lives. And Ms. Abel can write some SOMKING hot sex scenes! What I loved about the sexy times is that they are actually infused with some pretty deep feelings, despite what Shaun and Natalie might say about wanting to remain unattached. \n As Natalie asserts: \n \"Women like me don't fall for men like you. We don't come when you call, we don't beg for your attention and we don't confuse sex with love. Women like me, break men like you\" \n Natalie and Shaun really do build a solid, caring friendship, and they both try to make the other a better person. Natalie encourages Shaun to move forward with this surfboard designs and Shaun encourages her to return to school to pursue her passion, photography. I absolutely love the beach-y setting of Breaking Shaun and the glimpses into the world of surfing. This is another warm, very sexy, well-written story with lots of heart. There is lots of partying but there is also a great story and strong characters. I love this author and hope there will be more books in this series! \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 4 1/2 stars!! Freeing Asia was one of those books that started off in one place and then completely changed course and took me in a whole other direction. This was a completely refreshing and surprising book that is a total gem and a wonderful read. \n It's hard to believe this is the first book by this author. \n Asia grew up the only girl in a house full of boys, an artist who is afraid to explore her talent and be herself. While living her somewhat lonely life, she meets the gorgeous, sexy and wealthy Jay, which is where I thought, \"Uh oh, not this story line again.\" Well, I was dead wrong! Freeing Asia is about so much more, it is about being yourself, not being afraid to love, and not changing to be what other people want you to be. \n Jay is driven, smart, handsome, very kind and clearly smitten with Asia. And she with him: \n \"He had the power to change me and turn me into anything he wanted me to be. And, in this moment, I was willing to be whatever he wanted.\" \n Asia had her heart broken by her first love, Marcus, who is still in her life as her brother's best friend. The author writes so many smexy scenes between Jay and Asia that I was really caught off-guard by where this story went. \n \"Marcus had been my first. He'd known the real me, and there had been something between us that I could never explain.\" \n I don't want to go into much detail about the plot because it is very creative and filled with a fabulous cast of supporting characters. Freeing Asia is a great story about finding yourself and finding your own self-worth. \n \"You should be proud of who you are babe, 'cause you are amazing.\" \n Don't worry, there's lots and lots of steam in this book! This is the kind of book that you start reading and don't put down until you're finished. I absolutely felt a deep connection to these characters, and must admit that it was tough to pick between Marcus and Jay! But ultimately this is a book about learning to love yourself before you can let others love you. And for that, the author should be applauded. I LOVED all the characters in Freeing Asia and can't wait for the next book from Ms. Abel!
1 Sometimes a book comes along that grabs you from the first page and doesn't let you go. Making faces is one of those books. Perfectly written, emotional and tragic, but funny and beautiful all at once. Just like life. Amy Harmon has a gift for storytelling and character development and has created a book that will stay with you long after you finish. This book is a must-read, your life will be all the richer for reading it. \n Fern has been the plain girl for most of her life, the quiet kind of girl who fades into the background. She has an incredibly close bond with her cousin, and with him and Ambrose, form the heart of this story. \n Fern, Ambrose and Bailey all attended high school together and Fern loved Amborse from afar. Ambrose was the star wrestler and had his pick of the prettiest girls. The way Amy Harmon writes about high school was incredibly funny and painful at the same time. But then after graduation, Ambrose leaves for Iraq and returns a very changed man. \n \"Sometimes you can't take your life back. Sometimes it's dead and buried and you can only make a new life. Ambrose didn't know what that life would look like.\" \n For the first time, he really gets to know Fern and sees her true inner beauty. But Fern is still incredibly insecure about her outward appearance, and is desperate to have Ambrose really desire her as a beautiful woman. \n \"But I would really like it if, for once, I could be beautiful on the outside.\" \n The journey these characters take is unforgettable. Do not miss Making Faces. Amy Harmon's incredible story is ultimately uplifting, beautiful and hopeful. Do not miss this book!
1 4.5 stars!! More Than Her is a suprisingly engaging, fast-paced and very emotional story! I was immediately drawn into Logan and Amanda's story and read this juicy story almost in one sitting. Logan is somewhat of a jerk (the word \"asshole\" is used over 100 times in this book!) but to me he really is a good guy way down deep inside. He has his reasons for acting the way he does. Will Amanda be able to finally reach the real Logan? I absolutely loved the near-constant give-and-take between these two and also loved their super-hot chemistry. This book had some totally surprising twists-and-turns and I devoured every page! \n (ARC provided by the author in exchange for an honest review.)
1 \"HO. LEE. SHIT. I feel sorry for all the girls in the world that never get to experience a Jake Andrews at least once in their lifetime.\" - Mikayla \n So do I! What started off for me as a classic Young Adult book became much, much more! (Jake Andrews, where have you been all my life?) This story is both very sweet and very, very hot, which I love. Mikayla is not only faced with heartbreak very early on in this story, but she is also faced with an unspeakable tragedy. To the rescue comes the hot Jake Andrews, who is actually a really, really great guy underneath all that baseball-playing hotness. And he's funny, too. Mikayla has moments of humor, too, which totally works to lighten up the darker parts of this story. \n Jake and Mikayla have some very explicit sessions together but they do not take their relationship past a certain point throughout much of the story. But it actually works! The tension between the two characters keeps the story moving forward and kept me turning the pages to see what would happen next: \n \"The sexual tension between Jake and I is off the charts. I'm actually scared I might combust any second. No joke.\" - Mikayla \n They both want to be more, they want it all. I loved this story and loved the author's writing style. There's drama, humor, lots of sexual tension, plenty of sexy times, and a great story line. Highly recommended for anyone who loves a hot young adult story. \n Favorite quote: \n \"It's a small touch, our skin only lightly grazing, but it feels so intimate, like we're more than what we are. I know I want to be. I want to be more than this.\" - Jake
1 4.5 stars!! Cage is a quick, sexy, hot, fast-paced, you-can't-put-it-down book in the Corps Security series. I absolutely loved this book and feel the author has really improved her writing style since the first book. \n Let's start with Greg Cage. Lord this man is HOT. He is super-protective, loyal and knows pretty much right away that Melissa is very different from any of the women he has been involved with (and there are plenty!) He is used to being pursued, not being the pursuer. \n \"My body wants her; that is no secret, but level of want is borderline craving. I need her. Needing someone is not something I am used to. No, I am used to being needed...something this woman clearly doesn't want.\" \n Cage and Melissa connect on a deeper level than just the hot sex but Melissa is a tough character. She is used to being the strong one in her family, and they rely on for everything. She is very wary of men and relationships. Will she let her guard down and let Cage in? I wanted her to open her heart to Cage and trust him completely from the very beginning, but she is too wary. \n \"No, even with the perfect sex, I have learned enough from my sister to know it isn't wise to let a man have your heart. When that happens, it is only a matter of time before you lose yourself.\" \n There are a lot of twists to the story and one very large secret that threatens to tear Cage and Melissa apart. These two are so amazing together, that I was on the edge of my seat until the very end. Cage knows Melissa is his \"missing piece\", and I absolutely loved the way the author concludes this story. I hope we get more of these two characters in future books. \n I also loved the cast of supporting characters in this series, and cannot wait for Beck and Dee's story. Corps Security is a favorite series! Love all these guys, and can't wait to read more.
1 4.5 stars!! I will admit I was drawn to this book by its gorgeous cover and what was inside did not disappoint! I loved this book. It is a story about real, working-class people with real problems and real passions. And the sex is OFF THE CHARTS! Kayden has a great job and a seemingly stable life, but has had anger issues and a psycho ex-girlfriend who made his life hell. He and Sophia connect through Facebook one day, and they begin to communicate and can't resist wanting to get to know each other better. He was a friend of her older brother and is very sexy and has an allure that Sophia can't resist. She leads a quiet life, and is looking for a little excitement and yes, even love. \n Sophia is willing to take a risk on the handsome Kayden, and falls quickly for him. He really is a decent guy, but his internal demons threaten their relationship. I loved seeing these characters really develop and grow throughout this book, and the story kept me turning the pages until the end. I really was invested in these characters' stories and felt a connection with them from the very beginning. \n Untangle Me is a great debut from this author. The characters have ordinary lives (no billionaires here!) but the sex scenes are scorching and their problems are real. The ending got a little dramatic but overall this was a very enjoyable read for me, and I recommend it for anyone who wants a hot, well-written and gripping story. \n I also loved the New Orleans and Florida settings! The author really got it right on both accounts. I'm looking to more books from this author in the future. \n ** ARC provided by author for an honest review **
1 4 1/2 stars! I loved this book! It is so refreshing to read a modern, funny and very sexy story that still has some emotional weight to it. Andie is a hard-working lawyer, stuck on a personal and professional path that might not be right for her. It takes an impulsive trip to Vegas with friends to change everything. She meets gorgeous cowboy Mack, outrageous flirting ensues, and they have a smoking-hot one night stand. Mack is actually refreshingly open and honest about his feelings almost right from the start, which I really enjoyed about him: \n \"It means if I want to get lucky with you, I should take the risk and tell you what's on my mind, because failing would be worse than never trying.\" \n Andie has her life mapped out in detail and refuses to budge, even when life throws her a few surprises. She has a tough time believing that a guy like Mack could be interested in her. \n \"He sounded so sincere, it made my heart skip a beat. How could a guy that good in bed and this gorgeous be so nice?\" \n Andie must be in control of every detail of her life at all times. I love how she evolves and grows as a character during Shine Not Burn and allows real life to change her rigid plans. There's lots of humor and some very hot sex in this book and I loved every minute. And, since I'm picky about this, kudos to Elle Casey for getting lots of legal details very accurate. \n No spoilers but I absolutely loved the way the story concluded and I am really looking forward to more books like Shine Not Burn from Elle Casey!
1 Something isn't right. Something isn't right at all. I want to have sex. I always want to have sex, but right now I want to have sex with the giant pair of scissors I'm currently holding in my hand and that wouldn't be good at all. Sex and scissors should never mix. \n Poor Gavin! He is in love with Charlotte, with whom he grew up and who unfortunately has \"friend-zoned\" him. Or so he thinks. Love and Lists is the hilarious story of two twenty-somethings (and their group of friends) who constantly think about sex and how to have it. \n If you've read any of Tara Sivec's hysterically funny Chocolate Lovers books, you know she is really foul-mouthed and really funny. Love and Lists is no different and it is a very cute and refreshing story. I loved the main characters, Gavin and Charlotte, and the supporting cast. This book also has a surprising change of course about mid-way through the story which I loved. Will Gavin get the girl? Will he move out of the \"friend zone\"? Everything is answered in a very satisfying and funny way by the author. If you want a dirty, funny and fairly quick read, don't miss Love and Lists! \n (ARC provided by the author in exchange for an honest review)
1 \"Life is wild.\" \n Yes it is, dear readers, yes it is. I have a little secret: I started reading Stinger without even reading the book description. Not one blurb, not one review. I had a very long and stressful week when I looked at my reading calendar and saw Stinger up on deck. So I jumped right in. \n I was hooked from the first page. Mia Sheridan has written a finely developed, emotionally charged and sexylicious book that I devoured very quickly. Grace and Stinger literally run right into each other in Vegas while both are attending very different conferences: she, a law conference, he, a porn convention. Yes, he is an adult film star. Grace is a straight-laced law student, hell-bent on following a certain career and life path and she absolutely, positively will not be pushed away from following her life plan! \n So meeting a porn star doesn't exactly fit in with her well-made plans. \n I could fill this review with breathtaking quotes from Stinger but I would love it if you would give this story a chance and read it with fresh eyes. The author has created a gorgeous, sexy but very smart and sensitive hero in Stinger, and a beautiful, smart and kind heroine in Grace. Neither is perfect, yet neither one is afraid to admit when they have made a mistake. There are also lots of essential supporting characters here, some living, some gone, who populate this book and make it come alive. \n The characters also undergo tremendous emotional growth in Stinger, an essential development which is very often missing in a lot of books. For the storyline, the amazing sexy times, and the fabulous characters, I am giving Stinger five stars!
1 I have loved this entire series and FALLING AWAY is a fantastic addition to this amazing set of stories. Bravo, Ms. Douglas! Well done. Note: although this book can be read as a standalone, I cannot recommend Bully and Until You highly enough. These books might not be everyone's cup of tea, but the sexual tension, the constant push-and-pull between the characters, the engaging and thoughtful story lines are among my very favorite books. \n I have two words: JAX TRENT. Oh my lord. This book was well worth the wait just to get inside that sexy, beautiful head of his. \n And K.C.? I absolutely adored reading about her history, her back story, and her motivations. This whole book was one delicious treat just begging to be unwrapped. There are a lot of hot sexy times in this book, the writing to me is flawless and yes, there is a whopper of a teaser for AFLAME at the end!! I, for one, am totally addicted to this series and can't wait for the next installment to be released.
1 5+++ stars!! \n Until You is one of those rare books that is as good, if not better, than the first book in the series. Bully is one of my favorite books ever and Until You has now taken its place as one of my all-time favorites. Jared got under my skin and would not let go! Ms. Douglas is an incredibly skilled writer and gifted storyteller who has created some of the most memorable characters I have ever read. \n If you have not read Bully, I urge you to do so. The story has twists and surprises and beautifully-written characters. And the author has continued Jared and Tate's journey in Until You, \n I absolutely devoured this book and loved getting inside Jared's head. And the pain he endured during his life, well, let's just say that I felt so much emotion for him I thought my heart would burst. There is also plenty of steam in Until You and I loved the intense chemistry between Tate and Jared. \n Until You is another amazing book from Ms. Douglas. It belongs on everyone's must-read list!
1 4.5 loved-every-tortured-minute stars!! \n I am a huge fan of Penelope Douglas and her books are perfection to me. I was absolutely enthralled by Madoc and Fallon, I had always LOVED Madoc and was thrilled he was getting his own story. In Rival, the author deals with lots of emotion, heavy subjects and the pain of tragedy but she always throws in a little humor to lighten things up a bit. Madoc and Fallon have a forbidden love but the way the author tells their story, you fell nothing but empathy and love for them. \n I absolutely love these characters, and how the author never disappoints with the steam and chemistry factor. Her writing is honest, elegant and blunt, and never filters out the harsh reality of life with hearts-and-butterflies. Madoc and Fallon have had some terrible things happen in their lives but they still turn out to be honest and good young adults. This series is one of my favorites and I highly recommend that you start with Bully, which is one of my all-time favorite books. \n Tate and Jared do get an appearance here, as well as Jax, who is getting his own book soon (yay!). But Madoc and Fallon are the focus and they are fantastic characters. I love Madoc's hot, tough-guy exterior and Fallon's off-beat personality. Of course, they are are hiding their pain and they must work through lots of miscommunication before we get to their very satisfying conclusion. \n I absolutely loved this book and can't wait for Jax's story! \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 4.5 stars!! \n One More Chance is an incredibly romantic and emotional story which is exactly what I have come to expect from Abbi Glines. I loved Grant in Take a Chance and was curious to see where the author would take her characters on the next step in their story. If you read Take a Chance, you know that Harlow has a secret that could have led to the end of her beautiful relationship with Grant. But in true Abbi Glines fashion, she takes the reader on an incredible journey through all the emotions as she gives Grant and Harlow an incredible HEA. \n I am a huge Abbi Glines fan and each story is a little different. One More Chance is not a fun, light, beach read but instead a very romantic (for me), loving story that I devoured quickly. If you love the Rosemary Beach characters, then this is a must-read. Grant is unwavering in his devotion to Harlow and she is a loving, kind and beautiful character. One of my favorite female heroines from Abbi Glines. \n There are a few surprises here and I don't want to get too detailed. Just enjoy this yummy book and all of the characters you have come to love from Abbi Glines' Rosemary Beach series. \n (*ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 4 1/2 stars!! Abel is a VERY sexy and very romantic story. As a character, Abel is strong, handsome and very charming. I found it refreshing that he actually did not like to play games, even though he and Nellie started off their sizzling relationship with a \"no strings attached\" declaration. When he realizes how he really feels about Nellie, he is very honest and straightforward in his behavior, which I found to be very refreshing. Abel is actually an Alpha male who is very sweet, too. \n Nellie is a very smart and strong character. She is recovering from a disastrous marriage and very painful divorce and vows not to get involved in a serious relationship. But along comes Abel, who is several years younger, by the way, and she is literally swept off her feet. \n Elizabeth Reyes does a great job of developing their very sexually intense relationship outside the bedroom, too, and the supporting cast of 5th Street characters are all very well-written and developed. We are also introduced to some new supporting characters in Abel. \n There is a very interesting storyline involving Abel's boxing opponent and I loved reading about the boxing world. I loved the mix of sports and romance in Abel. There are some intensely emotional moments in the story, which blend nicely with the hot sex scenes. Elizabeth Reyes has \n created very rich and sexy story and I look forward to reading more of her books! \n Favorite Quotes: \n \"Only three types of people tell the truth: Kids, the drunk, and the \n angry.\" - Abel \n \"You're mine, Nellie.\" - Abel
1 WOW!!! When I finished reading this book, I honestly did not know what genre to put this book in! And I was afraid to give anything away on Goodreads. I literally had to email the author to ask her explicitly which category she thought this story should be in. It is NOT dark/taboo/forbidden. What it most defitnitely is: sweeping, grand, thrilling, exciting, heartbreaking, joyous and life-affirming. . . and unlike ANYTHING you've ever read from Pepper Winters. Enjoy the ride! \n (The author has now revealed the inspiration behind the story and the full blurb on her website, check it out!!) \n \"Love doesn't live in first glances. Life doesn't dwell in second chances. Our path exists in unseen messages.\" \n Yes, this is a long book, but trust me when I say that I flew through the pages. The story revolves around Estelle Evermore, who is a rising singer and songwriter but who is desperate to fly back home after being on a grueling tour. There are ominous signs everywhere warning her not to get on the plane. The sense of foreboding is almost suffocating! Also on her flight is Galloway Oak, and although these two are strangers, in a very short time they will become dependent on each other for their very lives. \n Pepper Winters is one of my favorite dark romance authors. To say that I was pleasantly surprised by this book is an understatement. While there is dark sense of foreboding, Unseen Messages is in no way dark at all. It is a finely detailed, epic romance with thrilling elements and stunning settings. When the characters were exhausted, sunburned and starving, I felt their pain. When they suffer unimaginable loss, I felt their heartache. I connected with the characters and became immersed in their story of survival. \n If you are looking for something very different to read, try Unseen Messages. The ending was surprising and beautiful and uplifting. I applaud the author for stepping outside her comfort zone and giving us Estelle and Galloway. They are two memorable characters that will stay with me for a long time. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 Wow. This story will follow you long after you finish reading. I absolutely love dark and angsty books (hello, Captive in the Dark and Comfort Food) so the story line was perfect. The author takes you on an emotional roller coaster with this book and does not let up until the very last word. Tess is a strong and willful character and never once gives in to her situation. Her \"master\" Q is just amazing, yes, I said it, dark, sexy, irresistible...but there's much more to the man and his background then meets the eye. There's lots of very explicit sex, violence, slavery themes, BDSM and disturbing images in Tears of Tess but there's also beauty, redemption, exotic locales and incredibly well-written characters. I cannot wait for the next book from this author, which will be about Q. This book is one of my top reads of 2013. Don't miss it. \n (ARC provided by the author in exchange for an honest review.)
1 Epic finale! A must-read. Review to follow on release day.
1 Surprisingly sexy story! Grey suddenly finds herself in a situation where she needs to do anything in order to survive. She is young, far from her home in Georgia, at college in California with no way to pay her tuition or living expenses. She has been alienated from her father, a very strict pastor who would definitely NOT approve of the choices she is forced to make. \n The first part of the book started out a little slow for me but then WOW! When Grey (as \"Gracie\", her stage name) meets famous actor Dawson Kellor at the dance club, the book really takes off. He is immediately drawn to Grey's kind nature and goodness. \n \"Dawson doesn't answer, but this isn't a pause-- this is the silence of a man who knows nothing he says will make it okay, so he doesn't say anything. It's perfect. After a long moment, he tugs me closer and murmurs, \"Let me hold you.\" I'm still, totally tensed now. \"Hold me?\" \"Yeah. Just hold you. No pressure. It's not going anywhere. Just be in the moment with me.\" \n Dawson is a world-weary Hollywood actor, and it turns out that Grey is actually his new assistant on his current movie. Despite her innocence and inexperience, she and Dawson fall for each other. \n I enjoyed the Hollywood behind-the-scenes aspect of the storyline. The writing in Stripped is excellent, fast-paced and VERY sexy. Grey and Dawson really heat up the pages! They have an undeniable chemistry. \n I also liked that Dawson really doesn't play games with Grey. He is very open and honest about his feelings for Grey, and he really treats her with love and care: \n \"Then, something odd happens: Dawson presses a soft kiss to my temple. It's. . . tender. It's a kiss designed to soothe, to comfort. Not to ignite desire or passion. It confuses me, and it makes me feel. . .loved. Cared for.\" \n I love what the title of the book stands for, it's not what you think! Ms. Wilder has written characters that I actually cared about, and has written some super-steamy scenes. Stripped is a very sexy story, that totally surprised me with its storyline and characters. Enjoy! \n *A copy of the book was provided by the author in exchange for an honest review.*
1 4.5 stars!! First, let me say that these characters are some of my favorite fictional characters and I am a huge fan of the The Artists Trilogy. I highly recommend the series, they are some of the most thrilling, touching, sexy and gritty books you will ever read. Dirty Angels is a standalone novel and you absolutely can dive in without reading any of the other books, but just make sure you pick them up at some point! \n Dirty Angels is without question very, very violent; very, very dirty and sexy. It is another WILD ride from Karina Halle!! The story takes place among Mexican drug cartel members in Mexico but at its heart, it is a tender (well, kind of) and beautiful love story. Javier commits unspeakable acts but he is also a human being and becomes obsessed with Luisa, after he kidnaps her and holds her for ransom, The problem is that Luisa has gone from one violent and dysfunctional man to another. She is incredibly resilient and strong but finds herself drawn to the very alluring Javier. \n I found the sex scenes to be incredibly alluring and the alternating POV's worked perfectly here. I highly recommend this book if you want to read a story that is not all rainbows and unicorns but is instead filled with gritty characters, painful choices, incredibly satisfying love scenes and some wild, violent action. Another fantastic story from Karina Halle. #TeamJavier all the way, baby. \n (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 The first two books in this series left lots of unanswered questions which are all answered in thrilling fashion in Panic! I loved the way the author let us in on Rook and Ronin's histories. Wow! I wasn't expecting these stories. The last half of Panic is very fast-paced and almost morphed into a thriller which was fine by me. I absolutely love all the characters in these stories (even the ones I love to hate) but I really love Ford. \n Rook turns into a very, strong heroine and you can see how resilient she really is. But she is far from perfect which is one of the things I liked about this story. I liked how she interacted with Ford and in particular there is a scene between her and Ford that could have taken a predicatble turn but didn't. \n I love a dual POV book and the author does not dissapoint with giving us both Rook's and Ronin's POV. There are also plenty of steamy scenes in this book. Overall a very satisfying conclusion to Rook and Ronin's story. And more Ford please!
1 I recommend All of You to New Adult readers who are looking for something a little different. The reason? The hot male lead is a virgin! Bennett Reynolds, the sexy, tattoo-artist neighbor of nursing student Avery, is looking for a loving and meaningful relationship, and not just a random hook-up. Which is not to say he hasn't had some experience. \n \"Damn it, Bennett,\" I panted. \"How in the hell do you know how exactly to drive me insane?\" \n \"I said I was a virgin, Avery. Not a saint.\" \n \"Or even a monk, apparently,\" I mumbled. I felt him smile against my skin. \n The main character, Avery, keeps giving away pieces of herself by hooking up with other guys but she keeps her real feelings locked away. With Bennett's help, she finds the strength to confront the demons in her past, and confront the past demons which keep her from forming a loving relationship. I liked how strong her character was. I also liked Avery's relationship with her best friends, which was funny and realistic. \n The best part of All of You was without a doubt Bennett! I loved that he was both sexy and romantic, artistic and extremely honest. No game-playing here. I loved the dialogue between Bennett and Avery and yes, they had tons of chemistry together. All in all, Christina Lee's debut novel is a very refreshing and yet very sexy read. I am looking to more from her in the future!
1 4.5 stars!! \n In this follow-up to one of my favorite books of all time, Sempre, JM Darhower takes us on a tension-filled ride though the inner workings of a mob family. Carmine and Haven are forced to make heart-breaking and difficult decisions early in this story that lead to a surprising and thrilling read. Ms. Darhower is an extremely gifted writer and she has crafted memorable characters that will stay with you long after you finish this story. \n Sempre opened with one of the most heartbreaking and harrowing scenes I have ever read. Carmine and Haven are two of my favorite fictional characters and I had been waiting anxiously for their story to continue. Sempre: Redemption is very much a gripping crime story, but really delivers on the emotion and romance. I was very sad to see Carmine and Haven's story come to an end, but the author delivers an absolutely fantastic conclusion! Overall, Sempre:Redemption is a beautifully written, dramatic and ultimately satisfying journey. \n (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
1 3.5 stars!! I absolutely loved Lola Stark's first book in this series, Tattered Love, and couldn't wait for the second book! Conflicted Love is the story of Teeny and Trip, who we first met in Tattered Love. I highly recommend reading Book #1 first to get a feel for the background story of these characters, and also because it's a surprisingly engaging and sexy story. Teeny is a tough character, very independent, and finds herself in an unexpected situation after a hot night with the very sexy tatted and pierced Trip. She really doesn't want to fall for Trip but he does some pretty amazing things to prove himself a worthy partner. He has never been in a lasting relationship but to his credit, really fights his way into Teeny's life. Lots of really hot sex ensues, along with some very funny moments due to her pregnancy. I would have liked a little more depth to this story but overall, Conflicted Love is a fairly quick, really hot read with lots of very sexy and likable characters. \n (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
1 And this is how it's done, class. 5+++ stars!! Perfectly written, Unteachable is one of those books that really defy a rating system. Gritty, sexy, gut-wrenching and lyrical, it is a story that will stay with you long after you have finished the last page. Exploring themes of friendship, loyalty, love, survival and acceptance, Leah Raeder writes in a way that will haunt you and make you question the very nature of right and wrong. Maise is not your typical heroine, and her story is both heartbreaking and triumphant at the same time. And the sex scenes are completely off the charts. Leah Raeder is incredibly gifted and it's hard to believe this is her debut book. Absolutely breathtaking book. Layered, nuanced, tragic, funny, and ultimately, hopeful. Move this book to the top of your TBR list!
1 Absolute perfection from beginning to end! \n \"It begins with a whimper but ends in a bang.\" \n Tiffany Resisz has written what might be her best book so far! The story of how Eleanor and Soren first met is told in intimate detail as Nora tells the tale over one one night of passion with her lover. The Saint is told in flashback and although you might think you know the story, the funny, tragic and sexy details come to life at Tiffany Reisz's gifted hands. \n \"When we met he said, 'It's a pleasure to finally meet you.' We'd both been waiting for each other, like it was meant to be that we would find and love each other.\" \n How Soren finally brings the wild and disobedient Eleanor under control is fascinating. Her relationship with her parents is heartbreaking and the blooming of Soren, Nora and Kingsley's inevitable and lifelong bond is a beautiful and very sexy thing to watch unfold. I could not put this book down and felt like I was spending time with some old (if not very dangerous) friends. I loved the switching back and forth between past and present as an adult Nora tells the story to her current lover (no spoilers as to his identity!) The Saint is another perfectly-written, highly erotic novel from Ms. Reisz, with a healthy dose of sarcasm and humor and even some religious eduction and philosophy thrown in. Don't miss this one! \n (ARC provided via NetGalley)
1 4.5 stars!! I am always intrigued to read a novel written from a male POV. I am equally fascinated by pen names, and even when the writer professes to be one gender or the other (or leaves it open to the imagination such as BG Harlen), I still wonder at the back of my mind whether the author is a male or female. Do some female writers have a decidedly masculine POV? Yes, there are several that come to mind. Do some male writers have a feminine \"flavor\" to their writing? It seems so. \n And so we come to the fascinating Thou Shalt Not. I loved Luke's story, as well as JJ Rossum's writing style, and don't want to be pigeon-holed into thinking that the author is male or female. That's just me. Either way, it's a very sexy and engaging book with plenty of steamy scenes to satisfy even the most jaded erotic romance reader (such as myself). The story carries some very weighty themes (domestic violence, adultery, the nature of beauty), but the book is very fast-paced and satisfying. Will Luke keep himself out of trouble with April? Will he learn to really love someone again? No spoilers here, but the author answers these questions while exploring what qualities are really important and what makes someone worthy of love. \n This book has a very interesting conclusion that some readers will love, and some might find a little challenging. I loved it and can't wait to read more from this author. \n *ARC provided by the author in exchange for an honest review.
1 Review to follow
1 4.5 stars!! \n What can I say about Tarryn Fisher other than she is one of my favorite writers? Her style is powerful, clean, bold and unapologetic. Mud Vein is no exception. Senna and Isaac's story is not what you think, and not at all what you would you expect. This book totally took me off guard because I didn't read any reviews with spoilers in them. Like her earlier books (The Love Me with Lies series), this story is brutally honest, and is not a hearts-and-flowers, sugary-sweet romance. \n The plot is incredibly inventive and different, and stunning as well. I fell in love with Isaac and by the end of the book, also really cared about Senna even though as with other characters written by Ms. Fisher, she is a prickly sort. I did not see the ending of this book coming, and it is really best if you don't know the ending as well. Mud Vein is another incredibly written book by Tarryn Fisher. She poured her heart and soul into this book and it really shows. I highly recommend Mud Vein. You won't soon forget it.
1 Hot and sexy! Review to follow on blog tour.
1 5+++ stars for The Mistress! This is an incredibly rich and completely satisfying conclusion to the Original Sinners series. All of the characters are brought together in The Mistress and their rich and complex stories are told in a very clever and gripping way. I can't do justice to a book that is so masterfully written and so filled with erotic and sensual images that I literally could not put it down. \n You must read The Original Sinners series first so that you will be familiar with the intricate and complex histories of the gorgeous and fierce characters created by Tiffany Reisz. In The Mistress, Nora is forced to recount stories of her past with Kingsley and Soren. \n \"You're my favorite monster, she said against his lips.\" \n \"She felt pleasure with other men, ecstasy even sometimes...but only when Soren was inside her did she feel whole. \n Soren and Kingsley spring into action to rescue Nora and both recall their memories of their relationship with Nora and with each other.\" \n \"Soren could not live in a world without Nora. Kingsley could not live in a world without Soren.\" \n Wesley also rushes to help rescue Nora, along with Zachary's wife, Grace. Soren's niece Laila also forms an important part of the author's elaborate story of love, submission and erotica, a story that does not contain one false move or one unimportant character. \n I don't want to give away any spoilers but suffice it to say that Tiffany Reisz has created a brilliant cast of characters and a story that will challenge you, thrill you and leave you breathless with anticipation. I was on the edge of my seat while reading The Mistress, hoping that Soren and Nora's unbreakable bond would get then through this latest crisis. \n \"The fire of her teenage infatuation with Soren had burned itself out years ago. In its flames a love made of iron had been forged. It could survive any blow, any trial.\" \n The ending of this story was incredibly emotionally satisfying, and perfect for each character. The Mistress is a brilliant ending to an absolutely amazing series. \n 5+++ stars \n Thanks to Harlequin and NetGalley for an ARC in exchange for an honest review.", "date_added": "Wed Jul 24 18:30:24 -0700 2013
1 5 earth-shattering stars. I think my heart might have stopped a few times. ARSEN stands out in a sea of contemporary romance books for its engrossing story, richly written characters and fantastic sex scenes. You may not love Cathy but you will fall in love with Mia Asher's writing style and her characters. They are not always what they seem and the story is a complete and total emotional roller coaster ride. I love books where not everything is black and white. Arsen is a nuanced story with many, many layers. A must-read.
1 Pay attention to the content warning, because this books contains sex, lots and lots of SEX! And it is HOT! Tattered Love is an outstanding debut from Lola Stark, filled with a fast-paced, well-written storyline, lots of interesting characters and most importantly, the fantastic, swoon-inducing, hot-as-hell MACE! This man is so hot, he practically jumps off the page! \n Tattoo artist Sacrlett knows she is in for trouble when Mace walks in to her tattoo parlor. The brother of one of her artists, Mace never forms a connection with women, until of course, he meets the smart, sexy and very strong-willed Scarlett. These two have sizzling chemistry right from the start, and I loved that Mace went for it right from the beginning. And in between the wonderfully steamy sex scenes, there's actually a good story, too! Mace and Scar both have secrets in their pasts that threaten their happiness together. But the last part of the book was not what I expected and I loved every single word! \n I am normally not a huge fan of secondary characters, but this group are funny, loyal, interesting and well-written. This is a fabulous, sexy debut novel from this author! Although I read Tattered Love quickly, I did not want it to end, and I can't wait for more from Lola Stark!!
1 This story has enough scorching sex scenes to satisfy even the most jaded reader! And wait, there's a great story, too! I absolutely fell in love with Addison, what a survivor, and Cade will have you swooning from the second you meet him (in the book, of course). Addison has lived through the most unimaginable childhood and her tough-as-nails exterior hides a world of pain and hurt. She locates her father, Jackson, who is the bad-ass President of the Hell's Knights MC. Their story is completely heartbreaking and makes for a solid foundation for the story. \n And Cade. OMG, talk about a cocky, sexy, alpha biker. I highlighted almost every one of his scenes but they are almost all too hot for repeating here. He and Addison literally burn up the pages! I read this book in one sitting and could not wait to read more about these characters. There's heartbreak, lust, revenge, love, tons of dirty talk and really hot sex in Hell's Knights. The writing is tight and fast-paced and the characters are well-developed. You want a down-and-dirty, loaded-with-alphas book? Here it is. Bravo, Bella! 5 panty-melting stars.
1 4 1/2 stars! \n Seduce is told from Jack's POV, an unapologetic, hard-partying womanizer: \n \"The thing is, I'm happy being me and I sure as fuck won't change for anyone. I don't need fixing because I'm not broken. I simply work hard and play harder. Things are great. I'm exactly where I want to be at twenty-five years old.\" \n Seduce totally grabbed me from the very beginning and I read it one sitting. Jack is a rich, callous, irresistible bachelor, who is quite honest about the way he treats women. But I also found him very vulnerable and likable, with a strong support group of very close friends and a brother with whom he shares a close bond. The rest of his family, not so much, which is where his feelings of unworthiness and abandonment come from. Enter the gorgeous and spirited Belle, with whom Jack actually develops a deep emotional attachment. Seduce was going in one direction, with lots of super-steamy and graphic sex scenes, and then, whoa, suddenly took a complete left-turn! This book is a surprising, sexy book with a fabulous conclusion! Looking forward to the next installment from the author, Beautiful Rose. \n *A copy of the book was provided by the author in exchange for an honest review.*
1 'Beneath the Burn' has it all: gritty and thrilling story, deep romance, BDSM, strong characters, darkness and light. Definite 6-star read for me and one of the best books of the year. Charlee and Jay are deeply flawed, richly drawn characters who I cared about from the very first page. Charlee endures almost unimaginable pain and horror at the hands of her captor yet emerges as a survivor. Jay has also endured severe trauma and struggles to deal with his past in his own way. This book has everything that I love: graphic sex, strong characters, a thrilling storyline, and very dark and gritty elements. This book will stay with you long after you finish. I can't recommend it highly enough.
1 *ARC received in return for an honest review \n Wow,what a wild ride. As a huge fan of the Edge of Never, I picked up this book without knowing anything about the story, I only knew that Andrew and Camryn would be making a cameo appearance. \n Bray and Elias met as children and grew up best friends, Bray was pretty much ignored by her family and suffered from benign neglect. She seemed like the wild child but really she was afraid to form bonds or attachments to people because she didn't understand that the other people could actually care for her. \n Elias was in love and devoted to Bray no matter what. This New Adult book contained some pretty spicy sex scenes but I felt they fit in with the story of the young characters as they grew and explored the world and their relationships. \n A shocking event occurs and Bray and Elias find themselves on the road. Many adventures ensue, and they meet up with another group young wanderers. I never thought there would be a HEA to this story based on their almost daily physical struggles and Bray's battle with bipolar disorder. depression. Elias would never leave a Bray no matter what, so it was difficult to see how there would be a satisfying conclusion to this book, but there was. \n I read several very negative reviews of this book and I don't agree at all. This book has enough drama, emotion and sexy times to satisfy any fan of New Adult books. Even though the ending seemed bleak at one point, I was very happy to see Bray and Elias get the ending they so deserved.
1 4 1/2 hot stars for this second-chance love story. \n First, please note the author's warning about the domestic violence scenes. They are intense! With that said, this is the story of misunderstandings, missed opportunities and a second chance at love. Years before, Izzy waited for Axel to return home from basic training, but a series of miscommunications and misunderstandings kept them apart. Izzy goes on to marry Brandon, who she thought was a wonderful guy, but it turned out she was entering into a horrible, abusive marriage. \n \"People say karma is a bitch but I have news for you, karma doesn't have anything on fate when she is after blood. Not a single thing.\" \n \"The past can't touch me. I am stronger than this. I am a survivor.\" \n Izzy is literally saved from her abusive marriage by her best friend Dee, and by chance runs into Axel one night. He has started Corps Security with his friend Greg Cage, who also happens to be Izzy's friend and protector. Axel is shocked to see Izzy again, the woman he thought had abandoned him years before. \n \"She was mine. She is mine. She will always fucking be mine.\" \n Izzy tries desperately to avoid confronting Axel because he had ripped her heart out years before. But Axel will not let her go so easily this time and demands that they clear the air. \n \"Sugar, I have thought about sex, hard fucking dirty sex, about a hundred times since we sat down to eat.\" \"Does that clear it up for you?\" \n \"Never again, Izzy West. I will never again let anyone take you from me, or anything from us.\" His words hang between us both as a promise and a threat.\" \n Cathy and I loved this book! We love Izzy, who was a fighter through all of the very rough events in her life. We love Axel, who still wants to protect Izzy, even though he too thought she had abandoned him years before. This book is filled with hot guys, rough talk and explicit sex. What's not to love? \n \"Never letting you go, Izzy. Never.\" He whispers into my hair, squeezing me a little tighter. \n \"I always have been yours, you know that, don't you?\" \n This is a super-hot, fast-paced read filled with Alpha males and a second-chance love story. There are also some great supporting characters in Axel and it looks like Greg Cage will be getting his own story. Sign us up, please!
1 BULLY is an instant classic! Tate and Jared's story pulled me in from the very first page, and I read this book straight through in one sitting. I could not wait to see how this story ended, and the author gave me everything I wanted and more. This book is a must-read. It has everything I need from a great stand-alone book: characters I care deeply about, a storyline that had me guessing from the beginning, very strong supporting characters and a conclusion that blew me away! There are even some steamy sex scenes which fit the story perfectly. I am so excited that Ms. Douglas has more books planned for some of the characters she introduced in BULLY, because I can't get enough of her writing! Read BULLY, you will not be disappointed
-1 Kristen Ashley on steroids. Good story but lots of typos and errors.
-1 Writing is all over the place. My first Megan Hart book. No clear point of view.
-1 Review to come soon...
-1 Review to come soon...
-1 3 Stars*** \n Only for you \n By: Genna Rulon \n I will be honest and say that I expected the book to be much better. In the first few chapters the banter between Everleigh and Hunter had me laughing and picturing really good things for the rest of the book. But as the book progressed I feel like something was missing. There was that great connection in the beginning, Moments where I thought would be hilarious once discovered... \n \"Sir, you are no gentleman.\" \n \"And you, Miss, are no lady.\" \n \"What man can quote a scene from the 1939 film classic? That does not happen in real life, hell, it doesn't even happen in books. I halted hastily in the middle of the parking lot. Of course--it was obvious as a hooker at a debutant ball--Hunter. Was. Gay. It explained his extraordinary looks, for no straight man looks that good--it's God's joke at women's expense. It explained his dislike of women, at least this woman. It explained his willingness to sit and listen to emotive music and contemplate the lyrical significance. Most importantly, it was the only plausible explanation for him quoting Rhett Butler, the dashing yet scandalous civil war hero from the gold standard of chick-flicks.\" \n and then nothing... \n Don't get me wrong the author had a great story, the characters were lovable and fun but there was just something, some connection missing. \n I must say I loved Ev though, she was simply one of a kind \n \"Was he a cyborg created to epitomize masculine perfection, testing the restraint of earthly women?\" \n \"But who will bring me coffee in the mornings and breakfast treats?\" \n \"You're running a coffee shop. You have those items at your disposal,\" Hunter laughed. \n \"That is true, but who will give me big bear hugs each day?\" \n \"I'm sure you can persuade Sam to fill in for me when needed.\" \n \"She's physically incapable of giving me a bear hug--she can only provide tiny cub hugs.\" \n So... in the end of the day this book is still a must read because everyone NEEDS their Everleigh and Hunter Fix. \n \"Do you remember my tattoo? I had it inked at the end of March. Do you remember what it means\" \n -\"Forever. You said it was the Japanese word for forever, eternal.\" \n -\"Exactly. Forever.\" He put his hand over his heart and repeated himself, separating the words, \"For--Ever.\" \"I already knew, for me there is only you. No matter what happened between us in the future, it would only ever be you. I was made for you--only for you.\" \n Anything I can do to help you?\" \"Just be you, Everleigh. That's all I need.\" \n http://jenreadit.com/only-for-you.html
-1 ***3.5 Stars*** \n Ok so under normal circumstances Nick would be all kinds of creepy for watching Daisy. But looking at it as a fictional perspective.... It's still odd but once you read on and get to know Nick you understand that in a way he doesn't know any better. \n \"I was born a killer, my teeth bared, and I claimed my first victim almost before I had taken my first breath. But that is Ukraine. A boy on the streets without a gun is prey. I have never been prey. Always the hunter.\" \n \"It takes many muscles to smile, more to frown, but only few to pull the trigger.\" \n Of course being the main characters and all you can't help but fall in love with Nick and Daisy. To watch both of them get over their fears and discover life together. \n \"There is something so vibrant, so aware, so alive about him that it sings to me. I am drawn to him like a moth to a flame.\" \n \" I will kiss you Daisy. I will kiss you all night. I will do more than kiss you if you wish.\" \n Daisy has just escaped her father's prison and Nikolai is attempting to free himself from the only life he knows, at the same time they are trying to build their first relationship. \n Neither one of them knows what to do, what's right and wrong in a relationship. But together they work on building their trust and love for one another even through the obstacles their old insecurities and fears throw their way. \n \" I knew I could not keep you,\" he says. His voice is hoarse with emotion. \"Such a beautiful, innocent soul. I just wanted you for as long as I could have you. I knew it was wrong, and I did not care. Someday I hope you forgive me.\" \n There were times I just wanted to shake some sense into Daisy, and there were times that I also wanted to tell Nikolai to Man up but I did enjoy learning about them. \n \" The villains had a hard life. They did not know any other way forward.\" \n \" I can't hate Nick. I'm still hopelessly in love with him. \n With the bad guy. \n I wonder what this makes me.\" \n I am not going to lie, it's an interesting read, it's not usually my favorite kind but I thoroughly did enjoy reading it. Would I recommend it? Yes, I definitely would. \n \" I love Nick for who he is, Not what he is.\" \n \"See the truth in my eyes and know I do this for you.\" But whatever you decide, Kitten, I will support you.\" \n Their love for one another despite all their struggles is so captivating, that it makes it hard to explain.. So I'll just let their own words do the explaining... \n \"Spasiba.\" \n \"Why do you thank me?\" \n \"For caring enough to care about how I feel.\" \n \"I do not think you realize, Daisy. You are everything to me.\" \n \" Every day that passes, I love Nick more and more. I don't care about his past. We will build our own future, together.\" \n \" We're both patient people, Nick and I. We know how to wait, there's pleasure in the waiting.\" \n So Read it, Trust Me you will enjoy it!! \n *******For More Reviews****** \n www.Jenreadit.com
-1 Fun read! But I must say... with that ending, there better be another book coming soon!!
-1 Adorable funny story
-1 This book should have been a nonfiction book presenting the silk factories. The plot and characters seemed to exist only to illustrate an aspect of Chinese history or factory conditions or options in 1920-30s China for women. \n I am intrigued by the hair dressing ceremony wherein women could choose to become a member of the sisterhood of silk workers, an alternative to arranged marriages. A parallel ceremony to marriage; the choice as permanent. Like secular nuns. \n Even if the factories allowed women to escape family and marriage, even if it allowed them to send some support home, it is not a good excuse for running a sweatshop, and this factory did become/was always that--hence the strike. However, the strike was unconvincing; the results too easy. I have read about the labor movement's beginning in the US of A, and I must confess that I am now interested to learn to what extent there was a parallel movement in China, and if indeed it was that much easier than in the US. \n There seemed an abrupt shift from isolated rural to involvement with the Japanese invasion. While it was abrupt, it may have reflected the awareness of the rural people as the fighting moved closer to them. So I have mixed feelings about the ending. There were slight hints earlier of trouble up north. The entrance of difficulties still felt sudden and intrusive. Maybe war is like that.
-1 The plot a page turner. The maids reflect the Mammy stereotype. I would like to see the story written by one of the maids. I recommend Maid in the USA by Mary Romano as a corrective. It is an ethnography about real live maids along with research about labor law and how it hasn't been applied to housemaids. \n The dialect was a sad imitation of Black Vernacular English.
-1 The book has been around a while so I was familiar with the general themes. Still, it was interesting to read about studies and see their methods analyzed as well as getting other details to fill in the outline.
-1 Mildly entertaining. Some interesting social attitudes and family conflicts. Conversation was not convincing as conversation. Unexpected ending.
-1 I had to look up \"geek\" because it surely didn't mean the detailed interest of , say, a computer geek. So I learned the carnival meaning. Luckily the really gross and bloody part occurred only briefly at the beginning. The next oddity was the father deciding to produce his own freak show for the carnival (based on his seeing horticultural variety at the International Test Rose Garden). The mother dutifully took drugs to alter her offspring. Their living children were four: Arty with fins for arms and legs; Elly and Iphy, the Siamese twins; Oly, the hunchbacked, dwarf narrator; and Chick the youngest, with his special powers. \n Had it not been a group read, I might have stopped there. However, I remembered a comment of a professor about other novels with \"grotesques\": What could the author say through them that couldn't be said through more average characters? I decided to read a bit more through that frame. Then the next chapter captured my attention with its narrative strategy of jumping into the future with Oly and her daughter Miranda. Several events are revealed that make a reader wonder how they happened. That same strategy is used a few more times, like a carrot to keep one reading. For the first two thirds of the book, the pacing was very effective. Then the notes of a reporter/participant were introduced, and while they provided important information that Oly, the narrator, couldn't have known, they dragged the pace considerably. Also the very ending of the book, while motivated, seemed to take too long. It also left me wondering to what extent it was a change in her character instead of an extension. \n I have not yet answered the What could be said question. First hypothesis, something about disability issues. Did not hold up. Second hypothesis, something about minorities. The carnival provided a sort of ghetto where deformities were normal; however, the carnival was dependent on the money of the norms buying tickets. Oly didn't feel odd till she no longer lived in the carnival setting. \n One group member read an interview with the author and learned she is an environmentalist and is anti-war. Perhaps the father's manipulation is an extreme of the various pollutants in our atmosphere, food, and water. And there was one paragraph in the reporter's notes where Arty ponders how people could criticize his followers who are maimed by choice and not criticize war with the injuries it produces. Maybe. And is it really choice when there is cult-like power in the leader and manipulation? I feel the need to think more on the followers' willingness to endure amputation and what it might say about other things we readers may be willing to give up and for what.
-1 Surreal. Entertaining. Far more allusions than I can recognize. Worth pondering.
-1 Taleb is writing theory, but he wants to relate it to experience, to work bottom up from experience. He is more interested in premises than the logic built from them.He eschews closed systems that have lost touch with lived reality. He wants practice to account for the black swan events (the unpredictable, rare event --positive or negative--with great impact). Current economic models do not. He is skeptical about what can be known or predicted, about models. He speaks of false confirmation (every white swan seems to confirm that swans are white; however, one black swan disproves it). He speaks of other thought processes that misguide. He occasionally speaks to how to live with uncertainty--ignore what has low impact, avoid the negative with high impact, or at least bolster yourself against the possibility, and seek to be open the the positive possibility. \n Where he does touch on practical measures (other than recommending we withhold judgment on important issues or bolster against loss) I find our ways diverging. He briefly touched on climate change. Though he agrees it is a problem, he is skeptical of the modeling there too. And though he thinks the misleading of financial models is a problem, he blames regulation for creating the need for predicting. \n The book vacillated between interesting and tedious. Although Taleb nodded to art, literature, and medicine, most of his arguments and examples came from the world of finance, an unfamiliar (and minimally interesting) world to me. He appears to be trying to introduce paradigm shift into financial/risk management thinking, and as such has to give more arguments and evidence than I as a lay person needed.
-1 The book held my interest. The pacing between present and past added interest even if it did occasionally get difficult to follow. \n The characters were likable and mostly believable. Not sure about Atticus. (view spoiler)[ Were we to see his interest in the council as the abstract earlier interest in the Klan, only to see who else was involved or maybe to temper it, or was it a total sellout as Jean Louise sees it. Is his praise of her finally being able to make a judgement different than his believable? Not quite. (hide spoiler)] \n Worth having read.
-1 Yes, I read it in one day. \n The start was very slow and gimmicky. I might not have finished had it not been a group read. However, about 1/3 into it, the pace and interest picked up. The twists and turns and clues and red herrings were interesting to follow as the book forged on to solve the whodunnit. \n Usually I like a novel with several stories that end up merging. These were somehow annoying. They merged from the beginning and the shifts were annoying and confusing. I resented having to look back at chapter headings to see what was simultaneous and what past. \n Characterization: Tom was well developed. Rachel was sometimes a convincing alcoholic, sometimes not. I did not find her particularly likeable. Anna seemed stereotypical for the most part.
-1 I read this book after hearing the author read from it and enjoying the humor. \n It is the story of an old woman who lives alone and translates books. She does one a year--never intending to publish them; the joy is in the doing. She has a very distant relationship with the other women in her apartment building, mostly observing them and commenting (usually negatively) on their behavior. \n Because she is so bookish she frequently alludes to or quotes from a large number of books, some familiar and some not. Sometimes the references are apt. It doesn't matter if they are recognized or not to the content of the allusions, but there are times when it slows the action to a grinding halt and seems intrusive, beyond characterizing the old woman. \n And the fault I find with so many books: the ending is not believable.
-1 This book has highs and lows--stars are the average. \n There are two plots, one during World War I and the other more current. Mostly they are signaled well and the back and forth fairly well placed. AFter the second is introduced, readers quickly learn the connection, though the main conflict takes a dozen or so more pages to be revealed. From there on, it is hard to put the book down. \n Sophie, the WWI heroine, is presented at first as feisty and fast thinking. One thinks of The Zookeeper's Wife and her various close calls averted by on-the-spot thinking. Disappointingly, Sophie makes some decisions that don't seem congruent with that first picture, but the plot depends on them.
-1 sometimes one needs a fluff read. But also need enough time to finish at the 'can't put down' stage. \n This one had too much prolonged history of Italy and Italian language detail in the beginning. Some was needed for setting and character development and to establish fear, but most felt like filler. Toward the second half it became a better read.
-1 I've always been interested in the history of medicine; this history of uses of cadavers includes some of that as well as some history of past funerary practices and projected possibilities. There is some good and surprising information to be had about uses of bodies in research beyond the anatomy class. \n There are also sections where animal research is described, and it isn't pretty. It would prompt PETA actions. \n Occasionally and briefly questions are raised about our attitudes toward death, but the questions are raised and dropped, when detailed discussion would be profitable. \n What I really objected to was the attempt at humor. A few of the asides were actually funny, very few. Mostly they were intrusive and too cutsey. I would probably have stopped reading if it weren't for a group discussion.
-1 After a sample of three, I see a pattern: lone character in a strange setting, establish the setting for a couple chapters, then gradually introduce other characters and fill in the past that got them to the strange state. I enjoyed references to the first volume. \n This second book had more slow moments than the first of the series, but when it was good it was very good. I am not yet sure what to make of the God's Garden religion. Sometimes it seemed excessive, other times wise.
-1 I was intrigued by the history--not having heard of Thomas Cromwell. Many other names I recognized, but don't remember their roles (Hugh Latimer is one; even Woolsey was just a name to me). Thomas More, of course I knew, but I had a more holy opinion of him that of one who tortured and pursued heretics. \n There were two things about the writing style that I really disliked: overuse of short choppy sentences. Wild abandon with pronoun reference. Sentence 1 of a paragraph would be about one male character. Sentence 2 and following would have the \"he\" refer to Thomas Cromwell. Yet it was not always so. It would take reading a whole paragraph or more to know for sure who was talking sometimes. \n One thing about not knowing Tudor history well: I didn't always know how some subplot would turn out.(Anne and More I did, but it was still interesting to see how events worked out.) \n I liked it enough to read the next two books. And may follow up with biographies.
-1 The book is more of a challenge than I have time for right now. It has come due at the library and I cannot renew it. I'll try again later.
-1 It has been a long time since I've read a \"dear reader\" style narrative. I found it annoying. But I did want to know who would get the credit for creating the black tulip. That plus it being a group read kept me reading. At least I'd been forewarned not to look for realism.
-1 It was cute, fun to read. This book just proves that you just can't wait and stand by. You have to climb the stairs (lol) and make the first move. If not, nothing is ever going to happen.
-1 That was seriously the shortest yet cutest book I have ever read.
-1 This book has lots of swearing so think first before reading it :P \n While reading this book it felt like watching a movie with 2 POVs, no lie. \n I really like the concept of Tiny's musical and his songs. Plus this book involves gay people. \n I think straight Will Grayson is actually a pretty handsome boy but doesn't know it. \n The reason why I gave this book 3 stars might be because this book was not my cup of tea, but I had lots of fun reading it. I love both author's writings. \n I can't really give a paragraph on what I thought about this book because it was a long ago so ... I'm going to stop now.
-1 First Neil Gaiman read
-1 \"He's hot.\" \n Oh my gosh, hahahahaha. \n 2 stars cause \"it was ok' \n This book was a fast read and it wasn't really that interesting.
-1 I want the book now \n March 18, 2013: The cover is gorg!!
-1 I FINISHED IT!!!!!!1 :) \n THAT WAS A HAPPY ENDING
-1 So I'm getting this review from my wordpress. This review was created on March 13, 2012: \n Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar was published last year and written by Ransom Riggs. I just finished it minutes ago and I want to review about what I thought about the book. \n First of all, the story is about Jacob Portman who grew up listening to his grandfather's stories, but then several years later as he grew up her began to not believe his \"fairy tales\" and treated him like everybody else. Though one day, his grandfather gets attacked by \"monsters\" and he tells Jacob to go to a woman named Miss Peregrine. He discovers the secrets his grandfather never told him before he died, and that the fairy tales are real -- and they are alive. \n The story was a mixed of the ordinary life and the strange life. For me, it was a bit dragging. The author just didn't go straight to the point. Jacob's character was not expressed well. I love all of the characters of this book, their talents and the fact that they are really peculiar. The book is rather dark and fun at the same time. The book only has 11 chapters and because of that I was getting bored. All in all, the book was splendid written, and peculiar. I suggest everyone to read this book \n OK, 11 months later, I can say that this book was not my cup of tea. The only interesting features about this book are the pictures, probably because there are a lot of YA books without pictures. As I said 11 months ago, it was \"dragging\" and I was \"getting bored.\"
-1 2 stars because --
-1 Second read, I dropped one star. I remember how boring and slow the book was, but it really picks up at the ending; if you can wait that long. 3.5 stars
-1 I remember trying 3 times to read this but I always gave up on page 3 or so. So I skipped to book 2 and then read the whole series then came back to this book. It's hard to review this book without taking in the series a as a whole.
-1 (This, and the whole series) Needs a re-read. This was my shit in middle school but all the hate has distorted my views of this book series (phenomena, really) and I need a refresh to form my own opinion. \n Thus, I've abstained from rating any books in this series until I reread them again. Back when I first read them, they all would have been 5 stars. After I thought it was \"cool\" to hate on this, they'd be 2 stars. The new rating will reflect my current opinion.", "date_added": "Mon Jun 04 22:39:16 -0700 2012
-1 I enjoyed this book. It wasn't perfect or innovating, and it was kind of predictable. Still, it was a nice read and I enjoyed the story. I also like how the romance was kind of already established, so it wasn't insanely cheesy or cliche or something.
-1 3.5 stars. Took me forever to read this because of college. I don't know if that affected me or not but once I started reading again after a month things seemed kind of dragged. It picked up again for a bit. Some of the decisions that Jacob and Emma made were so annoying and I felt like the ending \"battle\" was a bit of a cheap exit.
-1 Markus Zusak made a post about how he enjoyed this book...must check it out now!
-1 3.5 stars. It was nice to read this during the holidays because it helped put me in the mood. Some stories were far superior than others though, so the collection wasn't anything amazing. But then again, these types of books rarely are. \n Anyways, so I started mini reviewing each individual short story but I got lazy for the last 3 or 4 so... \n 1. Midnights by Rainbow Rowell - 2.5 stars \n Eh, this story was okay. I thought Noel was o.k. too. I will admit that it did suck to read (view spoiler)[ through watching someone's crush constantly kiss everyone but them (hide spoiler)] \n 2. The Lady and the Fox by Kelly Link - 3.5 stars \n I liked this one, it was cute, if not a little confusing concerning the time period and the ending, but maybe that's just me. \n 3. Angels in the Snow by Matt de la Pena - 4.5 stars \n This one grew on me. I didn't really care for it at first, I initially thought (view spoiler)[ \"Oh great, another biracial story where the white person savior rescues the poor poc (hide spoiler)]. Thankfully, it wasn't really like that...kinda-ish, Anyways, I was smitten by the end of it and I actually cared about the characters. It was cute. \n 4. Polaris is Where You'll Find Me by Jenny Han - 4 stars \n Okay first off, what?? What was that?! How are you just going to leave me hanging like that?! Where's my closure? Who am I suppose to root for? Anyways, I wasn't expecting to like this story b/c I didn't like \"The Summer I Turned Pretty,\" which was written by this author, but I actually thought the concept was cool and I love me some Asian representation. IDK if the author's writing improved or this story was just extremely short so there wasn't much there, either way, good job. \n 5. It's A Yueltide Miracle, Charlie Brown by Stephanie Perkins - 4.5 stars \n This was just cute. And yay, more Asian representation! I will say though, that I can tell a white person wrote this because \"Most non-Asian-Americans were terrible guessers. They'd say Japanese, Korean, or Vietnamese before Chinese.\" Okay, stop right there. As an Asian American I promise you that that statement is false. They always assume you're Chinese. Always . \n 6. Your Temporary Santa by David Leviathan - 1.5 stars \n Eh, this was okay. Didn't really care for it. Seemed more like an introspection on want and longing rather than a cute Holiday themed short story. \n 7. Krampuslauf by Holly Black - 4 stars \n I liked it. We all need friends like Wren. \n 8. What the hell have you done, Sophie Roth? by Gayle Forman - 3.5 stars \n This was my most anticipated story out of the bunch, just b/c Gayle Forman is my favorite author from this collection. So far, definitely the best writing. The story wasn't amazing or anything, though. \n 9. Beer Buckets and Baby Jesus by Myra Mcentire - 3 stars \n Eh, didn't like the protagonist's voice at first, but I acclimated as the story went on. It was alright. \n 10. Welcome to Christmas, CA by Kiersten White - 3.5 stars \n This story was nice, if not a bit cheesy at the end. \n 11. Star of Bethlehem by Ally Carter - 4.5 stars rounded to 5. \n Okay, this one caught me by surprise. The most interesting one for sure, and I loved it. Although the ending was pretty cheesy. Still, I have to say this was my favorite story out of the collection. \n 12. The Girl Who Woke the Dreamer by Laini Taylor - 2.5 stars \n Considering the books that this author wrote, I wasn't even surprised to see the story had supernatural elements. It was alright, definitely not a strong enough ending to close out the collection.", "date_added": "Tue Jun 17 20:51:21 -0700 2014
-1 *Edited 11/25/16* \n Welp, after reading it a second time, I lower my rating from 3.5 stars to just 3 stars. The beginning was kind of boring and the writing style was just not doing it for. The end got better though, I'm still a sucker for Sizzy. Also, I can now say that this whole thing is definitely just a joke and is in no way meant to be taken seriously. \n *Original Review* \n 3.5 stars...I don't know, I enjoyed this story but the dialogue gave me the feeling that this whole thing was just a joke, not meant to be taken seriously.
-1 1.5 stars. This was mediocre. Honestly, I enjoyed the movie better. I also thought both the movie and the book were overrated. Plus, it didn't help that I didn't really like the art style. Clemetine's and Emma's relationship didn't really seem to have much depth to me, except for the fact that they were physically and eventually emotionally attracted to each other (imo the book doesn't do a good job of showing how their relationship develops and adapts). The movie does a pretty good job of explaining (view spoiler)[ Adele/Clementine's cheating (hide spoiler)] than the book does. The book doesn't explain anything at all. *sigh*.
-1 Stopped reading this at page 91. I don't know if it's just the mood I'm in or what, but I could not get into this at all. Disappointing.
-1 Surprisingly, a lot of the dialogue from the movie were direct quotes from the book. Truly one of the most true adaptations of a book I've seen in a movie. It was enjoyable, but I feel like watching the movie first made me enjoy the book less, since I already knew what was going to happen.
-1 Fast read. \n I like (but am also a bit unbalanced by) the way Mr. Abercrombie tells his story without a (view spoiler)[ 100% happy ending. (hide spoiler)] Because those endings, while almost always the case for most media, probably aren't that realistic and common as we're made to believe. \n 3 stars isn't bad, in fact, I feel like this book was better than some other books I've rated 3 stars. But for me, there just isn't that umph to push the rating to 4 stars or even 3.5. I enjoyed the book, but that's about it.
-1 Digging the cover. Might check this book out.
-1 DNF. I got about half way before I lost interest in this book. \n I really enjoyed the writing, and the beginning was most enjoyable imo. This had some pretty outrageous moments but I believe that's part of its charm. Maybe one day I'll pick it back up and finish it but I am way too behind in my reading challenge to try and force myself to finish a book I'm not interested in anymore.
-1 I tried reading this. Honest. I did. The cover is nice, the title is nice, the premise is interesting and overall, it seems like a nice young adult romance novel that I can sink my teeth in (so to speak) after having been in a reading slump since June 2014 (I still am, actually). But yeah, everything that I just mentioned? All misleading. I couldn't do it. Why? Because the writing sucks. Seriously, it sucks. How does someone write like that and get published? I've read fanfiction that was more well-written than this. Harsh, but true. \n Examples of the writing (if you can stomach this then you can get through this book, unlike moi): \n \"Ethan isn't a typical teen rock star. His music has a quality and depth that boy bands typically lack. You can totally hear influences in his music...Ethan believes that they were the musicians who made music what it is today...Ethan's musical style is hard to describe. He has a unique sound no one else has ever created before. Even though his music is so original, its tone is familiar. His songs somehow relate to everyone. They just feel like home...\" (23) etc. etc.
-1 Based off just the title and without reading the synopsis, this book wasn't what I was expecting. I still enjoyed it however, and it was a pretty quick read. Very enlightening in terms or dealing with autism and family dynamics.
-1 Did someone say steam punk? Count me in.
-1 3.5 stars. I liked this book! It started off kind of slow for my taste but nonetheless, it was still enjoyable. There wasn't really any action but I did like the writing style. Things were too convenient for my taste but wow, there were SO MANY cute moments in this book. Like, I had to stop and just appreciate all the feels that I got from how cute it was. *sigh*/*swoon*. Also, some parts where I was just like, \"OH MY GOSH! I see how he set that up! GENIUS!\" \n Just watched the movie and I'm not sure which one I liked better. I'm leaning towards the book but the ending of the movie was so dang cute!
-1 3.5 stars, the first half of the book set up the story and it kind of dragged but the second part of the book is where the story shines, especially when other characters besides Victor and Eli are introduced. Seriously, the supporting cast was what saved this book. I love Sydney, Mitch, and Serena. I don't really think \"superhero\" is a good word to use when describing this book in any way but I see how it plays into Eli's character. I do like how neither Victor nor Eli can be categorically placed into \"good\" vs \"bad\" or \"hero\" vs \"villan\" (which is definitely one of the themes the author was trying to get across with this book) yet the reader still somehow comes to pick a side and root for that character as if he were the hero (which I guess, in terms of this story, he is). The concept of ExtraOrdinary people and their powers is really interesting, (view spoiler)[ I especially like the idea that whatever the person focuses on the most right before they die correlates to the \"power\" that they develop when they're brought back. (hide spoiler)]. I like the ending although I really want to see what happens next.
-1 2.5 stars. \n The movie would definitely give me nightmares.
-1 3.5 stars. Man, this book can be pretty depressing...
-1 It started off slow and it didn't really go anywhere until near the end. The romance was predictable and some twists were o.k.
-1 *I originially rated this 2 stars, but thinking back on this book I can't remember anything about it except that it was pretty boring, so rating has been dropped to 1 stars* \n *Original Review* \n It was okay I guess. Hayley was pretty irritating and boy, was she BITTER. Finn was alright, he was one of those eccentric young adult male love interests (*cough* Augustus *cough*). I don't really know whether or not I actually \"liked\" this book or not...
-1 1.5 stars? If I were to describe this book in one word I'd say \"disappointed.\" I feel like I should give this book 1 stars because I didn't really enjoy it, on the other hand, it's not \"bad,\" per say. The plot twist that everyone is raving about didn't even surprise me. I had already deduced something similar several chapters back. Oh well.
-1 This book wasn't as bad as other books I've rated 1 star, but unfortunately, I did not enjoy this book at all. The problem? It was so damn BORING. Holy shit. \n I've read 2 previous books by this author and I more or less liked them, but this was just crap. What was the point of the story? Maybe it was so boring because of the child narrator, but I don't think that was the problem. This book just seemed pointless, it didn't really have a story worth telling - or reading for that matter.
-1 I love a good mythology book.
-1 This book was a pretty quick read. It was very dialogue heavy and it didn't really have a plot. I was about 1/3 of the way through an thought about giving up because it was pretty boring, but I decided to force myself to finish it because of all the awards it had and the high rating. \n I don't think I really \"got\" Ari until the end, maybe that's why the book wasn't very enjoyable for me. But the book definitely picked up near the very end (view spoiler)[ when Dante got beat up :/ (hide spoiler)]. And I have to admit, the ending was pretty cute. Still, this book took until the end to start making sense for me and if it takes a book that long I don't think it's worth it. One thing I actually really liked was Ari's relationship with his mom, the banter was everything. Overall, this book just wasn't for me.
-1 Eh. Took me about a month to read this. Honestly, I was sort of uninterested. It MIGHT have been because I'd just finish playing the Last of Us. Quite frankly, I think that the story works better in video game form.
-1 Hmm...Tilt, then Triangle and now maybe Tangled?
-1 Well, where do I even start. \n Let's start off with the fact that I came into this book completely blind; I had no idea what this book was about. In fact, for some reason I had this notion that this book was going to be about mental illness. \n So, seeing as how I came into this book knowing nothing about it, imagine my surprise when I started reading it and I read nonsense. Turns out, this book is filled with a made up language based off of Russian slang. I saw some reviews praising the author for making the slang accessible and easy to follow and learn. All I have to say about that is 'speak for yourself.' I had no idea how to read this and I was barely getting along until I finally looked up a glossary and memorized a few of the more commonly used words. \n Besides the difficulty I faced in reading this book, I guess I just don't \"get it.\" The ultraviolence turned me off, which I guess was the point, however, I know a lot of people felt sorry for Alex and what he went through, well, not me. I'm not saying he deserved everything he got, but he deserved a lot of it. He was a borderline psychopath who got off on violence and being an overall shitty human being. I have no sympathy for what he went through. I think what made me lose any and all compassion I might have had for him is when he (view spoiler)[ got two 10 year old girls drunk, brought them home, then raped them. (hide spoiler)] \n I don't get the theme warning about government control and whatever -- maybe they crossed the line but it's hard to care when the only example of that we're showed is what happened to Alex. \n Overall, I thought this book sucked. I almost gave up after page 20 but I powered through thinking about all the good reviews on goodreads. In hindsight, I should have just read wikipedia. This book was a real pain in the ass to read. If anyone wants to try and explain to me whatever I'm not seeing, that'd be nice. Can't say I'd agree with you, though.
-1 Love the show on Netflix, hopefully the book will be good too.
-1 Hmm 3 stars. This book started off pretty good. Sadly, it had to go down that certain path (view spoiler)[ surprise! the guy is an extremely irresistible hundred of years old vampire who is anti-social (for the greater good of course)and is immediately, mysteriously drawn to the main character, who then turns into a stuttering, constantly horny and blushing fool whenever she is around him. *sigh* And even if he's dangerous and warns her away she is still attracted to him and blah blah blah love, complication, breakup and make up repeat. Ugh. I hate how the MC becomes an idiot when a guy is involved. And I seriously can't get over the fact Ms. Cook had to make him a vampire. I mean, A VAMPIRE. This is like Twilight all over again. (hide spoiler)]. I mean, you might be into this stuff but I was annoyed. I literally put the book down after the first \"plot twist\" and I was about to go and return it to the library right then and there without finishing it. Alas, in the end I finished it and it was alright, nothing remarkable or original, really. Not sure if I should bother to check out the rest of the series...
-1 UGH. 2018 release date?? WHY. SO CHAOL CAN GET HIS OWN BOOK? \n I'm obviously the only one here, but I give zero fucks about Chaol. He's such an asshole.
-1 2.5 -3 stars Hazzah! I finished! Had to read this book and answer questions for AP English. For the most part this book was boring (imo) and is pretty hard to understand. However there were some parts(that I ACTUALLY understood...) that were REALLY clever and I just had to chuckle out loud while reading them! Jim is by far the best character in the book! Even if I didn't understand what he was saying sometimes...
-1 Cover reminds me of that stock photo that was used as \"Tali's Face\" from ME3
-1 And with this book I complete my 2013 challenge goal of reading 10 books written by male authors! Hazzah! \n *Post-Reading* \n 2.5 stars...not sure to make it a 2 or 3 on the star thingy.... \n I don't know if it's just me, but I thought this book really started off slow. I was around page 100 and I was still pretty bored and I was about to just turn it in to the library without finishing it. i kept reading and I admit that it got better, though some cases were still boring. I was kind of confused about a couple of things and had questions still and in the end some of them still don't get answered. And the characters...(view spoiler)[ not much character development for any character imo (obviously besides Michael) and sheesh, I could not get a read on Holly or Japek(whatever his name is). Seriously, Holly is on Michael's side one instance then she's not the other and with no explanation! (hide spoiler)] There were a couple \"plot twists\" but I felt like the author was trying to hard to confuse the reader. To make them think one thing only to have it be something else entirely, except he didn't really pull it off in a clever way, just confusing and unnecssary. Seriously, so many \"twists\" in this book that were trying too hard and I was just annoyed/confused.
-1 Hmm. I liked this book but the pace definitely isn't for everyone. For the most part, nothing huge, or big, or terribly exciting happens. And it just seemed too convenient for me when (view spoiler)[ Cameron's childhood friend and swimmer friend just happen to also be lesbian? (hide spoiler)]. Also, the ending was terrible. It was so anti-climactic and basically NOTHING was resolved. Nothing. And I hate endings like that.
-1 3.5 stars. I liked it, but I'm not sure what I read. What was the purpose of the book? The theme? Is it satire? \n Okay, so I looked at some reviews and stuff and my original idea is confirmed. This book is about existentialism and the meaning of life, as well as what makes us a human being. The beginning started off really slowly but for what it's worth, by the end of the book I started thinking. And I think that's exactly what the author intended.
-1 2.5 stars. The beginning was pretty confusing, and it took me a while to get used to the italic writing. I wish the author just decided on one point of view, instead, this book is written in both first person and in third person. Honestly the synopsis just explains the whole book. The book wasn't really what I was expecting, Arthur didn't even die until the middle of the book and those \"seven years of hardship\" were literally just skimmed over. I just skimmed the ending because I didn't feel like reading pages worth of italics.
-1 So I kind of already knew where the book was going, pretty much since the beginning, so it was kind of predictable. Although, I didn't exactly predict Conor's \"truth.\" I enjoyed the little fairy-tale stories and how they get across the theme of not everything's black and white; the stories were such a creative way of telling it. \n I don't know, I didn't really feel anything special until probably the ending. I know a bunch of people are raving in their reviews about this book about how maybe they got chills or something. The book just seemed a bit underwhelming to me until the ending, the ending is what gave me a glimpse of that feeling of awe (?) that everyone else seemed to feel the entire book. \n I would recommend this book to someone. I feel like this one of those books where I would appreciate it even more if I re-read it. \n Also, the illustrations in this book kicked ass. A+ quality.
-1 I want to read this book, especially since I heard the second book is even better, but I just saw that Sarah J. Maas is turning this into a 6-book series instead of a trilogy and the last book is slated for release in 2020... I'm gonna wait a bit because I'm sure it'll be torture to wait.
-1 I get that this book contains fantasy elements but there were just some parts that felt plain unrealistic, to the point of absurdity. The writing wasn't too bad, minus some parts but whatever. The pacing was bad and the plot was thin. There were so many unanswered questions. I almost gave up on the book near the middle.
-1 This is why kids don't like to read.
-1 *excuse my excessive use of the F-word in this review/rant/drabbleofthoughts* \n 3.5 stars. Okay. This book was a pretty solid 4 stars until the ending. I mean, if you read this book for what it is, you'll really enjoy it. What it is is a nice, easy, mindless, chick-lit book. It's a fast, easy read full of fluff and light teenage angst. So, I accepted that fact and I really enjoyed the book. The writing made me chuckle sometimes out loud but there were also times where I thought it was pretty cheesy (even for a chick-lit) and wondered if a guy really acted that way or would say that. Usually books with characters like these just annoy the crap out of me but somehow when Lauren Barnholdt writes them it's okay. Now, let's move on to the ending/my rant. Seriously, this book went from a solid 4 stars to 3/3.5 stars. I mean, I'd give the ending itself 2 stars. Obviously I said not to expect much from this book but I seriously expected more than what it is. Let me explain. Jace and Peyton hook up for one day but it's this crazy, out of this world, amazing day. Then they talk and whatnot. Then one day, Jace stops talking to her, and therefore, breaks up with her (even though they technically weren't even dating). And it's like Jace and Peyton still aren't over each other *cue eye roll* and somehow they end up on this sorta, kinda road trip together. Oh, and you find out they broke up because of this \"secret\" that Peyton kept from Jace...prepare for the ranting (It will most definitely contain spoilers so...) (view spoiler)[ It turns out the \"secret\" that Peyton kept from Jace was that her parents were getting a divorce. (hide spoiler)] What. The. Actual. Fuck. Okay, here's where I have a problem with this book. I was willing to overlook the fact that Peyton and Jace are unrealistically obsessed with each other after one day but I will not overlook this. Like, SERIOUSLY? THAT'S WHY HE WAS PISSED OFF AT HER? Are you fucking kidding me? Well, first off Jace, considering you guys only went on one date, it's no fucking wonder she didn't tell you (view spoiler)[ that her parents were getting a divorce (hide spoiler)]. She barely fucking knows you. She didn't even tell ANYONE yet, not even her best friend, or close family members, and you fucking expect her to tell you something that personal?! It obviously must devastate her. Why the fuck would you feel like she was obligated to tell you? It wasn't even a secret in a sense. It was her not ready to fucking share everything with you. That's so fucking stupid. If that was me I'd tell the guy to fuck off. Not like I owe it to him to tell him something that's personal and none of his business, especially if I've only known him for a few months. \n Also, Peyton was just so stupid. Why the fuck she didn't tell her dad, or anyone, that (view spoiler)[ her mom stole her identity (hide spoiler)] is beyond me. Yeah, I get it. that sucks. It was out of nowhere and how the hell do you confront a parent? But seriously, your dad is a fucking option! HELLO?! I mean, yeah, take some time to digest it but completely doing nothing about it and \"running away\" is just ridiculous. How old is she again? \n And Jordan giving that advice to Jace? Do teenage guys even think like that? And Jace and Peyton's povs sounded really similar. \n There are plenty more things to complain about but I think it'll just take all day. I gave Two-Way Street (a similar book by the same author) 5 stars because I read it years ago when I was much younger and my tastes were not yet as mature and refined as they are now (pfft hahahahahaha. yeah right. like I can actually use the words mature and refined to describe myself. Probably more accurate to say I've slightly matured from pre-teen to young adult teen and therefore, now enjoy deeper reads.I still enjoy chick-lit every now and then though.), and the book was easy to read (I started and finished it on a Saturday morning) but I'm pretty sure if I re-read it now the rating would go down. Still, if you read the book for what it is and aren't expecting anything above superficiality then you'll be able to enjoy the book. \n Plus there were a lot of things that didn't have closure. Also, why the heck even have B.J. in the book? And that scene with Jace's mom. Talk about cheesy and unrealistic. \n Also the cameos with Courtney and Jordan seemed to be there just so they would have a cameo in the book. Lame.
-1 This book started off great. Then, it went down the drain and I just wanted someone to stake all the characters because they were so DAMN annoying. This review sums it up best: http://www.goodreads.com/review/show/...
-1 *Sigh* Boy, was I disappointed from this book...I was expecting this book to be amazing because it has a pretty high rating (honestly, I should have learned my lesson from TFiOS) and that some reviewers that I follow have praised and lauded Ms. Stiefvater's other books. So, I obviously expected this book to be amazing. I was wrong. It was boring, lackluster, and plain. First off, the pacing. Literally nothing, NOTHING, happens in this book. Oh you can argue with that point but whatever. I first realized that nothing happened at around page 100 when Puck had FINALLY decided to register in the race on her regular horse. It's ridiculous that it took that long. Why? Because it's unnecessary and BECAUSE IT'S EXPLAINED IN THE SYNOPSIS. Ugh. Such a bad move. Then I read 300 more pages and I got near the end when finally, FINALLY, the race actually started. \n ...Are you kidding me? The WHOLE book is superficial and composed of NOTHING. Seriously!! I get it, the men discriminate against you, Puck, because you're a girl. I understood that concept the first time it happened. No need to shove it in my face every chapter. You and Sean have this crazy love for horses that no one else apparently understands. Gotcha. Oh yeah, and it's a BIG deal because you're the first/only girl to decide to do this. Yeah, I GOT THE MEMO. The idea that a girl takes the first initiative to end something that has long time been a male dominated activity used to be original but now it's become cliche, expected even! The author literally could have written this book in like 100 pages or less. Seriously. (Also, the reason that Puck joined the races is incredibly stupid and shallow. Seriously? It's not believable enough for me.) \n The author writes this book in alternating point of views. Puck and Sean. A.k.a. the female protagonist who is defying gender roles blah blah blah (not that that's not important but the way it was written was quite honestly, lame) and the male love interest (oh please, that's not even a spoiler. Seriously, did anyone NOT expect them to get together?) because you've got to add a little romance in here *sarcasm*. My main complaint with this style choice is that the tone of the povs ARE EXACTLY THE SAME. Sean and Puck sound exactly.the.same. I shit you not, I'm not even exaggerating or anything. I swear. Honest. I mean, if you're going to write multiple povs you HAVE to write them so they're different from one another (I think Rick Riordan is a GREAT example of this. His characters in the HoO series [while not all likable, at least to me] definitely all have unique voices. It's practically impossible to get them mixed up). Seriously, it's only two characters! You seriously couldn't create two different personalities? I mean, there's this one page where Sean remarks on how handsome this American guy is (another thing, the author created this world and decided to incorporate it somehow with reality. It's weird and awkward, at least for me). Do guys even do that?! \n I did enjoy the ending but it definitely DOES NOT make up for reading a whole book worth of nothing. The ending, while pleasing, isn't even surprising either. It's expected. Not good. \n This book unfortunately lacks originality. It falls into that young-adult-book category (I can't think of the word right now). Y'know, when all young adult books seem to follow this pattern? Boy-meets-girl or vice versa and they bond and they get together at the end and everything works out happily ever after after stumbling over a few conflicts here or there. I can't articulate myself right now but...yeah.
-1 Classical musician and \"bad-boy\" guitar player? Does this sort of remind anyone else of If I Stay? \n *update* Just finished the book, and okay, seriously? Cello?! Now it REALLY reminds me of If I Stay, oh, and the coma part too!? Anyways this book was cute but was filled with cliches
-1 This one definitely wasn't as good as the second one. Not much happened, really.
-1 2020..DAFUQ? I'll have graduated college by then and probably have a career...Actually, my main concern is that he might die before he finishes the series...
-1 2.5 stars. \n There's a lot of sex and rape in this book, way more than in Game of Thrones from what I remember. The book started off pretty slow, the whole thing just felt like 1000 pages of set-up/filler with a very small foray into the introduction of magic, barely building upon what was introduced in GOT. The slow pacing of the book and the fact that it seemed like there were a lot of words but not a lot happening makes me want to just start watching the show, books be damned. Honestly, the only reason I'm going to continue reading the series is the sole reason that it's GOT; if it were any other series I would just stop here. \n Also I felt like Tyrion had more than half of the povs in the book, definitely way more than any other character. Tyrion's a cool and interesting character but I was getting a little tired of reading through his povs because he just had so many.
-1 7/19/17 \n I guess I read this but I never rated it? Oh well, until I reread it I'll just give it 3 stars. \n Original \n release date is the 27th but I bought it today? What....?
-1 It was o.k. Maybe it's just me but I was annoyed at how Ethan had to mention his undying, unyielding, eternal love for Lena practically EVERY.OTHER.PAGE. Like, OKAY, WE GET IT ETHAN. YOU LOVE LENA. WE KNOW. WE'VE READ THREE WHOLE BOOKS ABOUT YOUR GUYS' LOVE PRIOR.
-1 Dat Cover Tho.
-1 Not worth anywhere near $2. I say it should've been free. Anyways, I adore Ridley and Link and I may ship them more than Ethan and Lena now...
-1 Just bought this book. Bout to read it (in a couple months...) LEGGO!
-1 Hate the cover...
-1 3.5 stars. In my opinion, not as good as the first one. While it was a really quick read, nothing really happened. This book adds alternating povs, switching between Ky and Cassia each chapter but frankly, you definitely would not be able to differentiate between them unless you read the name at the beginning of the chapters. Ky doesn't have a distinct voice and sounds EXACTLY the same as Cassia. So there's that...plus, I really wanted to strangle some characters in this book.
-1 2.5 stars. I tried to be nice and give this 3 stars but every time I think about it I groan because of how boring it was. \n I can sum it up in 4 bullet points: \n -Tris is depressed \n -Tris suffers from PTSD \n -Tris and Tobias fight A LOT \n -Huge revelation at the end that tries to overshadow just how boring the book really is \n Seriously, the whole book felt like a filler just for the ending. Suffice to say, I'm pretty disappointed in this book.
-1 2.5 stars... Ok, my second Laurie Halse Anderson book...I am so disappointed. People have raved on and on about her writing (mainly because of Speak) and now I'm wondering if they were just exaggerating. Anyways, first off, the cover. I don't get it. Can someone explain it to me? I mean, I get that it's a twisted pencil but how it's relevant is where I'm lost. This book was average at best. You can definitely tell that a woman wrote this book. Also, Bethany. What the hell was so special about her that made Tyler so thirsty?
-1 ...Stopped reading at page 121.(Oh I just have to get this in. In the book Travis has a nickname for Abby which is \"Pigeon\"....yeah, let that sink in. What the f**k kind of nickname is that? And it's often shortened so it's \"Pidge\". What.the.hell.kind.of.nickname.is.that? It's suppose to be sweet and endearing but let me tell you, oh let me tell you, IT IS NOT. It's so ridiculous oh my gosh ahahahahahhahahaha)This book is AWFUL. I was excited to read it because the cover was pretty cool and everyone was just raving about this book. Boy, was I disappointed. I don't even know where to start. Let's see, the plot was non-existent and was composed of Abby(protagonist) trying to resist irresistible, bad-boy Travis. It was completely pointless and stupid. Abby is attracted to him for nothing other than his supposedly good looks apparently. The characters were so fucking stupid (actually, the whole book was so fucking stupid.) Girls are attracted to Travis like moths are attracted to lights. They throw themselves at him without a second thought and I don't even understand why because the author doesn't explain it and just leaves it at Travis is hot, girls want to be with him because he's hot. He's not even likable. He's disgusting, he sleeps with any girl who throws herself at him, oh excuse me, he doesn't sleep with \"ugly\" girls apparently. Like, they legit just throw themselves at him! It's so unrealistic! And then of course Abby is the girl who changes his ways (cue exaggerated eye-roll). And Abby is the *only* girl who doesn't throw herself at him and doesn't want to sleep with him (spoiler: she actually does) and Travis is just dumbfounded and of course that means he has to find a way to get her to sleep with him. So Abby pretends she's resistant to his charm when she's not and is just playing hard to get just because. Like, she doesn't even have a reason. And then what's his face (I think it's Shep) and Amanda are just so f**king stupid. Shep defends Travis and it's so. I cannot even. UGH. This book. There are other reviews that explain it so much better. Travis isn't worth defending, he has no redeeming qualities and Abby is stupid and just ugh. All the characters in this book are so shallow, superficial and one-dimensional I just can't. Like, the biggest problem in their lives is relationships. Just...I can't believe people worship this book and they worship Travis. You people are the reason there's the misconception that girls only date \"bad-boys\". I can't believe any girl could condone his behavior. Really? REALLY? Faith in humanity=non-existent. \n Rant over. (for now)
-1 The book could've been a lot better. I felt as though the author could have gone somewhere with this book but instead she choose the stereotypical, cliche route. Honestly, incredibly disappointing and it ruined the whole series for me... My above complaint also explains why I am not happy with who Vlad ended up with. Like, really? REALLY? (view spoiler)[ I admit, I was rooting for Meredith/Vladmir. I read this book years ago so I can't really remember the other girl's name (Snow?) but it was beyond cliche and unoriginal. I felt as though Meredith wasn't just this (stereotypical) popular, judgmental girly girl at least, until this book. That's because Ms. Brewer changed her into someone we would detest so we would like Snow. IT DIDN'T WORK. (not for me at least) God, it was beyond annoying to read about Snow. Talk about the stereotypical, loner, gothic/emo-ish guy meets vice versa girl. (hide spoiler)] Rant almost over. I guess that's my biggest issue with this book, the fact that she didn't take any risks and played it (too) safe and stereotypical. (view spoiler)[ also the villain. Really? You're gonna make it his dad? It did not work AT ALL. It didn't fit the story and it was completely unnecessary and stupid. Stupid, stupid move. (hide spoiler)] Just my 2 cents...
-1 I feel as though I should re-read this...maybe soon?
-1 2.5 stars. This book was okay. The series overall was really disappointing...And Jesus Tobias and Tris were so annoying with their stupid angsty romance. Christ, they had sex like 5 times in this book...
-1 I guess I didn't track this on goodreads when I first read this so I'll just rate it 3 stars, but I have to reread it.
-1 I liked it but I was a bit disappointed. Probably because I came into this book with high expectations. I think I liked this book more than I would have if I hadn't been required to analyze and answer questions on it for English class. All the symbols, motifs, and themes probably would have flown over my head.
-1 After 10,000 years I have finally finished this book. There was a lot of telling not showing.
-1 Probably one of the WORST books I have ever read...EVER.
-1 MY FEELINGS... \n (view spoiler)[ the ending was terrible, stupid and did not make sense whatsoever. Like, AT ALL. (hide spoiler)] Basically Maximum Ride was a good series the first 3 or 4 books then it all started going downhill from there. Now, about the romance (view spoiler)[ All you Fax shippers will be happy that they ended up together. Now me, I'm incredibly angry. Fang did nothing to fix his mistakes or make it up to Max and she just accepts him with open arms! And then Dylan (*exasperated sigh*) is a cute, innocent puppy who gives Max his love and then she kicks him in the dirt. REPEATEDLY.)! (hide spoiler)] Seriously, I'm sure that's where the misconception that 'Nice Guys Finish Last' gets the idea from...Basically, if you're looking for closure and an epic ending to a series then this is definitely NOT the book for you. If you want a half-assed shit ending, and terrible romance(depending on who you were rooting for, I suppose) then well, this book sounds like it fits that mold.
-1 So, this book started off kind of slow for me and I know I've made some flippant comments about it before but honestly this is an important book. I think everyone should at least attempt to read it once. It has an important message and Melinda grew, on me, and as well as a character. I was rooting for her by the end of the book and I almost shed a single, tiny tear at the end of the book. \n *update* Whoa. Wait. What? This book was made into a movie?! Oh...Kristen Stewart is in it...hmm...
-1 Well, tried to re-read it and couldn't finish. Guess I'll have to try again later.
-1 God this novella is depressing...I have to say, I totally saw this coming (although maybe not the gruesome parts)
-1 Was disappointed in this book. Like many others have already said, the way Maas describes Celeana it seems like she's ass kicking, kinda-cold heartedish BAMF. But the Celeana we read isn't that, sure she has her moments but for the most part it's HUGE telling-not-showing. For the full experience I HIGHLY suggest reading the novellas first! You won't regret it :D (seriously I enjoyed the novellas more than this book). still, looking forward to the next one. Also let it be known that I read this book around right when it came out and I PREDICT CHAOL WILL END UP WITH CELAENA IN THE END. That's right, I can already tell Chaol will end up with her, and I will feel shamelessly vindicated when this happens in the end. But I'm Team Dorian anyways :p
-1 2nd readthrough: 3.5 stars. \n Every time I reread an Ellen Hopkins novel I notice something new about the formatting that I didn't notice before (or maybe I did notice but just didn't mention it?). For example, during my second read through of this book, about 3/4 of the way through, I realized (or re-realized?) that each of the 5 narrators have different formatting for their POV! How cool is that! It always amazes me how Ellen Hopkins can write books like these; it must take an insane amount of attention to detail.
-1 DNF - read up to page 203. \n I tried. I just can't do it. This book is just so BORING. I don't care about any of the characters, especially Amy (who is narrating the book). The story is supposedly some journey to self healing and re-self discovery but I read 2/3 of the book and the journey has barely even begun. I don't understand what all the hype is about and I wish I gave up earlier instead of wasting my time trying to power through this. I should have known this book sucked since the beginning.
-1 I didn't like this book. I didn't like the plot, the characters, the main character, or the love interest. Actually, Bianca's best friends were probably the most likable people in this book. Bianca is such a judgmental bitch. And she has this insane inferiority complex throughout the whole book. The characters are all really one dimensional and it was really hard to feel sympathy for (view spoiler)[ her having to deal with her parent's divorce (hide spoiler)]. The synopsis sounded interesting, but the book itself, however, is not. I'm disappointed. I was expecting so much more and I kept reading because of some naive, misguided hope that it would get better (It didn't). *sigh* I only pushed through it because in the movie they're making they casted Robbie Amell *swoon* as Wesely. And he's like my biggest celebrity crush, ever since he was on Life With Derek. Ahh enough about my life story. I simply didn't care for, nor like this book in the slightest, and Bianca is so unlikable, how can you root for her? (I couldn't). Also, the characters seemed so unrealistic. Seriously.
-1 I'm conflicted on how many stars to rate this book. Overall 3.5. It was a nice read and it's pretty strong considering this is Ms. Fitzpatrick's debut novel. BUT, it's nothing I haven't read before. Oh sure there was that one twist (view spoiler)[ when what's her face's mom hits Jase's father. I just finished the book and I forgot the main character's name... looked it up and it's Sam. (hide spoiler)] but it's still the same story, boy meets girl (or more accurately girl meets boy), boy and girl fall in love, either boy or girl does something or something happens then they break up and one of them is heartbroken, in the end boy and girl reconcile and fall happily in love. The end. Don't mean to sell this book short but it's nothing new to me. \n is still my quintessential summer romance book this year. This book is still worth reading though, I mean, IT HAS A LARA CROFT REFERENCE!
-1 I came up with a new shelf because of this book \"Annoying protagonists\". This book was really quick and easy to read. My main problem is Ann is so naive and dense that I was literally raising my voice at the book...(view spoiler)[ Seriously, she could have saved all that trouble by killing mr. loomis. She just let him come in HER home (literally) and SHE was the one who left. She let him come and take over everything she had and she let him run her out. (hide spoiler)]. There was one part where I laughed, not necessarily because it was meant to be funny (maybe it was but I doubt it) but because it was just so stupid. (view spoiler)[ where Faro was tracking her to the cave and she realized that she had to kill, no not Mr. Loomis, the guy who was making her life a living hell, but the dog who didn't even realize anything was wrong. *EXTREME MELODRAMATIC SIGH* *shaking of the head* (hide spoiler)]. Heard they're making a movie with Amanda Seyfried and Chris Pine, can't wait to watch it!
-1 Couldn't finish it. I was 5/6 of the way done with the book and I just had to put it down because it was so boring. Nothing exciting happened and I felt like the book was dragging.
-1 Probably 90% of the characters annoyed the crap out of me and I had to make myself suffer through the book because I have to finish reading a book I start. Overall, it was okay, it wasn't mind-blowing or incredibly amazing but it was a nice read. The plot wasn't original but the author somehow made it seem less cliche that it really was. The ending is pretty open-ended though, the only thing that was set in stone was (view spoiler)[ Anna and St. Clair ending up together, which, come on, you have to be a thick-headed person to not think that they would end up together from since the beginning of the book. We don't know what happened to Amanda and Dave and Bridgette (which I really wanted to know because although she wasn't a major character, she didn't really annoy me as much and I liked her) and all that good stuff (hide spoiler)]. The author's writing was confusing at some parts i.e. time passes by (like say, a day) and we are unaware of it and are completely caught off guard when the next chapter just abruptly switches to a different location and topic, ect.
-1 2.5 stars. Was this book mind-blowing? No. Did it change my life? No. Was it funny and quirky? Not particularly. Did I enjoy it nonetheless? Yes. It's a book that offers insight into the world of mental illness, and considering I'm majoring in psychology, fits. I do have to say though, that the synopsis made the book sound more interesting than it is.
-1 I LOVED Hate List by Jennifer Brown so when I found out that she wrote a second novel I knew I just HAD to read it. Boy, was I disappointed. The book starts off interesting enough but once Cole, Alex's new found boyfriend, starts showing signs of abuse and possessiveness the book just goes downhill. Alex's best friends are love-able but once she starts dating Cole you just want to strangle them! The book was pretty slow and didn't have much going for it, besides the abusive boyfriend plot, nothing interesting really happened. I'd recommend this book for anyone who is interested in a young adult book about abusive relationships but only if you have nothing better to read. There are SO many other abusive relationship books that are 10x better. Honestly, I kind of wished that I hadn't read this because it was just such a step back from Hate List. All I can do is eagerly await Jennifer Brown's next novel and hope that it leans more towards a Hate List kind of book.
-1 I was gonna give this book 3 stars, but I decided on 2 because justifying attempted rape is never o.k. \n I felt like this book set out to be one of those deep, pretentious books that set out to give you life lessons. I will admit that it did a good job of not being pretentious. It was extremely emotionally manipulative, however.
-1 Let me just say that before I read this book I liked to think of myself and neutral and leaning toward Team Unicorn...Now, post-reading of this book, it is safe to say that I am Team Zombie. The zombie stories were brilliant and excellent, the unicorn stories (with the exception of 2-3 stories) were just plain horrible and stupid.
-1 I would probably rate this book 3 stars. Okay, so let's start this review; first off, I loved how the author was able to have several different sub-plots going on at once with all the different characters and not have it all end up in confusion. She pulled it off, which is probably a hard thing to do, but she did it. That's not to say that I didn't have any issues with this book, because there were a lot. First off, it was pretty inconsistent now that I think about it. It's just the little things, like for example (view spoiler)[ Simon and Isabelle's relationship. Honestly, I thought they were already dating by the time this book started but no, they were still in the confusion zone of almost boyfriend and girlfriend, but not quite there yet. Really? Like, even at the end of the book, after all the intimate moments they shared, they're STILL not dating? And neither of them is apparently bright enough to figure out that they both love each other? Did the stuff that happened in the previous books not matter either? That's not to say that their relationship was probably the saving grace of this book for me... (hide spoiler)]. \n Also, the author uses the same adjectives/phrases for probably every character. Honestly, how many times do you need to tell us Jace is golden, or Sebastian has Valentine's hair and it suits him better than when he dyed it black? \n And Clary and Jace. Just,...really? REALLY? They were beyond annoying for most of this book, although there WERE some moments in which they were tolerable. Clary was SO selfish and their romance just resembles Edward's and Bella's from Twilight so much. \n Jace: I hurt you, I can't be with you anymore now, even though I love \n you and want to be with you! It's all my fault that you got hurt! (Mind you that I had this annoyance since the start of the series, surprisingly Jace wasn't the culprit in this book though!) \n Clary: I don't care if you want to die! I love you too much and i'm so selfish that i'm going to make everything worse! I'm going to ignore what everyone tells me to do because I can't lose you; I love you so much that I can't live without you! (Really Clary? *sarcasm* How did you possibly survive before Jace came into your life? Clary was fine throughout the series but recently she's starting to annoy the crap out of me.) \n I have mixed feelings about how the author wrote about one couple or some group of characters and their adventure and then end the chapter on a cliffhanger. And then the next chapter...SURPRISE! starts right off with a different group of characters...like how she wrote about Simon and Isabelle and then suddenly alternates back to Jace and Clary...Although, at first I was incredibly annoyed, eventually I would warm up and start to get sucked into an adventure only to have the whole process repeat itself. \n But honestly, Isabelle and Simon...DAWWWW THEY'RE SO CUTE! Favorite couple (are they even an official couple?) from the series!
-1 I was debating on whether or not to give this book 2 or 3 starts. I decided 3 because I just loved Vampire Academy and Richelle Mead but this book certainly is NOWHERE NEAR her best. First, the book was SO predictable.(view spoiler)[ I knew from Bloodlines that Adrian and Sydney would be the book's main couple just like Rose and Dimitri from VA. (hide spoiler)] *facepalm* Sydney is supposedly smart so you know that she would catch on pretty quickly to what was going to happen/what was happening right? Nope. She is like a slug in figuring things out, SLOW. About 1/6 through the book I had already guessed on what was going to happen and I was correct. The book honestly didn't have much going for it, incredibly predictable from close to the beginning all the way to the ending. On the bright side, I just LOVED Adrian's love confession, even though it was borderline cliche, I believe he somewhat pulled it off :).
-1 So I really enjoyed like the first 3/4 of the book and I definitely would have gave it a solid 4 stars until I got near the ending and John Green started writing his stupid, annoying metaphors. That itself is enough to merit a full drop of one star, from a 4 star book to a 3 star book. The ending just kind of sucked. The last paragraph itself is fine and kind of cute but the ending is where John Green just starts taking over and instead of the characters talking, it's just John Green talking to the reader to get across a philosophical, pretentious life theme. Seriously, like once Margo started spewing out stuff about paper towns and paper girls at the end I was gone and I didn't want to come back. I felt like Margo's characterization was choppy, and one could argue that's cause we see her from Q's point of view, but I blame it on poor execution. Basically, I enjoyed the first half of the story, it kind of dragged in the middle, and the ending sucked.
-1 ...disappointed at all the hype this book had but I guess it just wasn't the book for me. If I had to describe it in one word, PRETENTIOUS. Also, it didn't help that halfway through the book I was extremely bored and I had to FORCE myself to finish it...maybe I'm missing something?
-1 It was an easy, quick read. Heard some good things about it so I'd thought I'd check it out. Was pretty disappointed after I read the book. It isn't all that great and there were many times where I just wanted to strangle the main character for being so slow and dumb and unable to comprehend the events that were clearly happening right in front of her. I didn't understand where the book was going with the romance, one moment one guy would be just friends with her and then all of sudden, he suddenly decides that he is in love with her. Overall, just like my rating shows, the book was o.k.
-1 I didn't like it as much as the other Percy Jackson/Heroes of Olympus books, but still it was an easy and enjoyable read.
-1 2 or 3 stars \n the book couldn't really capture my attention although the story wasn't boring. \n (I only read The Turn of the Screw, not The Aspern Papers).
-1 Although this book was not heart-touching or something, it was nice, just a fine read. \n I thought the end was a bit strange, (view spoiler)[when Madison claims to have stolen the diamonds. I mean, first she did not want her father in her life, then she loves him, and then he steals all those things, he lied to her, and she takes credit for it. That is not the Madison who wants all the fame (hide spoiler)].
-1 This one is going back to my 'to-read' shelve, I will continue reading it when I have more time for it.
-1 Interesting to see how the different characters think about the Rebellion (I read it in Dutch, I think this is the word they use in the English version?) and how that changes (view spoiler)[(mainly with Xander) (hide spoiler)].
-1 Not sure how to rate it! 3 or 4 stars? \n I have to note: I saw the movie first. I didn't want to: I wanted to read the book first. But I was sleeping over with a friend (is this the right way to say it? I wish my English was better...) and she said: let's go and watch it! So we did. I LOVED the movie, I was crying almost all the time. But I kinda wished I would have read the book first, maybe then I would have liked it better. \n The story has great potential, but the elaboration (I Google-translated this word) could be better in my opinion. I found the end to be too messy. \n Maybe I'll re-read it in a year or two, maybe I will like it better then :) \n I guess I'll give it three stars. I feel like if I give 4 stars, it is only because the book is so popular (now). Still not 100% sure, sorry ;)
-1 ** spoiler alert ** \n This was one of the reads I was most looking forward to for 2016. As such, it's possible I let my own hype build up an impossible standard in my mind. I felt let down by this book, and incredulous at the majority of the plot turns. As a book about the interactions of a group of people dealing with different types of pain, this book is a success. As a book about the interactions of a group of people during a school shooting, this book fails to address the reality of that situation. \n The writing, especially on a sentence level, is strong. But often it seemed out of character or forced. For example, at one point in a flashback Tyler remarks that Claire is 'great with the underclassmen.' Which sounds not at all like anything else he says and stood out as a decidedly out of character moment. Moments like that forced me to be less in the story, and thus more critical of the interactions. There were multiple times that the characters didn't use contractions or used snippets of Spanish that felt out of place that had the same affect on me: they pulled me out of the story. \n I love the amount of diversity, but at the same time...it doesn't make sense. Opportunity is supposed to be a small town, with limited emergency staff and hardware stores that are family run and operated. But somehow they attracted a strong group of immigrants? Why would these people move to Opportunity? We're never shown or even have it hinted at as to why Opportunity is so ethnically diverse when for the most part small towns in the south aren't. Though the lack of background might seem small, I think it hints at a larger problem. One where the characters lack in depth. Sure. Not knowing what Tomas and Sylvia's parents do for a living doesn't really impede my understanding of their tragedies, but it does make them feel thin as characters. I wanted to know things like where they did pick up Spanish, were their parents recent immigrants, why did they not get along before, why do they get along now? \n Despite the apparent abundance of diverse characters, there are a few glaring areas of oversight. At the time of the shooting, the students are in an auditorium. It's plot relevant that no one is outside the auditorium except for a couple of boys in the principal's office. \n This would never happen. Usually there are a few students with special needs who can't abide the auditorium who are in a pull out classroom, along with special ed teachers and aids. But I guess Opportunity doesn't have a very large special education community? Likewise, the school nurse usually waits in his or her office in the event someone becomes sick, and there are numerous faculty and administration who don't attend events in the auditorium because phones still need to be answered, hallways still have to be monitored, etc. \n Tyler feels particularly thin as a character. And the added 'rape' felt forced. it felt less like a plot turn and more like \"oh yeah, he's evil. We get it.\" It's like watching that little shit Joffrey torture people on Game of Thrones. The first one is important and shocking, but around the fifth I just have to wonder why we have to see all of them. Why does Tyler have to do every evil thing? It would have been more shocking to see Tyler not be evil in some other aspect of his life and yet still be evil. \n Many of the details surrounding the actual shooting are incorrect, and especially as the novel progressed things seemed increasingly poorly researched. Given the number of shootings in America at this time and thus the number of shooting survivors at this time, that seemed like an egregious fault. it's not hard to find detailed accounts of what it feels like to have a bullet in you. \"pain washed over me\" hardly begins to cover it. Likewise, I felt grossed out by the characters who felt crush-like romantic feelings during the shooting. \n Overall, this wasn't a bad book. I really can't wait for this writer to write something else. She obviously is talented, but this book doesn't live up to that promise.
-1 This might be one of the first books that I have loved this much but was unable to read in one sitting. Or two sittings. It is lovely, dense in exactly the right ways, and deals with a lot of emotional situations in ways that are both unique and clever. \n Obviously, one of these situations is that of losing a friend emotionally and then actually, and how to resolve emotions of hatred and loss simultaneously. When I say it's dealt with uniquely, I mean that Vera is not somehow gifted with an emotional intelligence that would allow her to deal with this nimbly, and instead she simply dumb a**es through in a way that is relatable and cringe inducing. \n Full Review at: http://saltywordsandsemicolons.com/20...
-1 It took a little while for this book to hit its stride, but once it did it really took off. \n Pros: \n Alina's a complex female character that kicks ass without being TheKickassGirl(tm). A hard line to walk. \n Great world building. \n An interesting world with a lot of peripheral moving parts, that encourages me to read the rest of the series. \n Cons: \n The ending was incredible and I could have used about thirty more pages of it. I hit it last night and destroyed it, but it was over entirely too fast and left me with a lot of questions. The rest of the book was well paced, but the ending felt like a sentence that cut out halfway through.
-1 Pros: Beautiful complicated world, incredibly interesting and unique world 'rules', some beautiful imagery. \n Cons: Sometimes overly verbose, romance felt like the least interesting part of the story..but was focused on the most, main character didn't hit the right notes (for me). \n Overall, I really got into this book around page 320. Once the history came out, it became way more intense. I wish we'd some of that earlier. Might pick up the next one, as now that the world is built I suspect it'll become more interesting. \n Wish the main character was more flawed.
-1 -The humor is strong, but grows tiring quickly due to the nature of the jokes. Jokes can feel a little 'one note' \n -One of the most diverse casts I've seen in a young adult book to date, but due to the sheer number of characters it's difficult for each character to be anything more than a 'point'. \n -The book's characters were still well constructed given the amount of page space dedicated to each one, and a few of their stories had me in tears because of the accuracy. Bray does address many of the issues facing women in society well, and clearly has a nuanced view of these issues. \n Overall: This book works well as social commentary (and I agree with its points and think they need to be made), but unfortunately the commentary comes at the expense of plot which feels like a tack on designed to get the characters where they need to be to make the next \"point\". \n Totally worth a read. \n Probably not worth a second read.
-1 Excellent plot, shit writing. Geore R. R. Martin's metaphors are factually painful and he's so damned pleased with every outfit he's ever created he just can't WAIT to tell you all about it (in detail, frequently, and at inappropriate moments). Also, strangely obsessed with the breasts of a thirteen year old girl.
-1 Last book I said the only thing continuing to save this series was the myriad of interesting side characters. \n I LIED \n Alec kinda sucked this book. \n Isabelle got all \"feelings are weird and why do I have them\" \n Simon continued to wonder \"why am I hanging out with these people?\" \n And Clary and Jace kept making it perfectly clear that despite all of the super loving friends they have that they would gladly watch the world burn in order to be with each other. I think the best part for me was when Clary kept complaining that Jace wasn't acting like himself, and all I could think was \"a completely hollow, vacant, and attractive shell? No, that sounds about like the Jace the rest of us know and love/hate.\" \n I started skipping the making out scenes just because they were so repetitive. All the time! If Jace and Clary are alone for five seconds? They are making out. I think Cassandra Clare is even sick of writing it. I mean, we've all been young and in love....and somehow I still found time to engage in activities that didn't involve face licking. \n I have moved from liking these books and reading them to hate reading them. Which is a shame, because I love her other series.
-1 Okay. The one thing preventing these books from being excellent? \n The main characters. \n Clary and Jace are a little one note. What are they thinking about? Each other. Usually in unbelievably specific detail. What's the first thing everyone else notices about them? How in love with each other they are. What do they talk about? Also...each other. \n So, why am I still reading this series? \n Oh my god. The side characters. Simon is a great character by this book. And despite the fact that he has two lovely female characters vying for his attention, a band, etc. he completely avoids being boring or thinking obsessively about girls. Simon's got other things on his mind. Likewise, Isabelle is a strong independent character and I would love to read an entire book about her. The world itself is fairly interesting too, which is part of what drove me nuts about Clary and Jace. \"Oh, I think babies are being murdered...I wonder what Jace is up to, why won't he talk to me?\" \n Seriously? \n If you find out something that awful is happening in the world and your first thought is \"why won't my boyfriend call,\" you've got problems. \n Will still read the next one. \n Have taken to skipping the paragraphs of \"oh my god...I love him so much...\"
-1 ** spoiler alert ** \n This one took me a lot longer to finish than the first two. I really enjoyed the first two books of the series, but this one wasn't as good for me. Out of all of the books this one seemed the most obsessed with the romance between the characters and less on the action, and given how integral this one is to the story arcs, that seems like a serious mistake. \n Some of my major grievances are that the characters seem to care about their romances above all else. Towards the end of the book Alec is described as looking more relaxed as though a great weight had been lifted from his shoulders. Why? Because he could finally talk about his relationship with his parents. Ignoring the fact that Alec has been a responsible and caring character for the previous two books, I find it strange that this is the most important thing to him by the end of the novel and NOT THE FACT THAT HIS LITTLE BROTHER DIED during the few days he was supposed to be taking care of his younger siblings. \n Likewise Isabelle, who does have a legitimate emotional reaction to the death of her sibling, is giggling and talking about boys with Maia. \n Every single character seems to believe that their romantic entanglements are the things that most define them, and seem more interested in figuring out those than in figuring out the world around them. \n That said, I'll definitely read the next two. Why? Because the action is well written, the world is fascinating, and the characters (when they're not obsessing over who they are going to kiss) are fairly engaging. Overall, still a good book, but suffers a little from being in the middle of the series.
-1 Read for class
-1 The only reason this is 2 stars instead of 1 star is part 4, which is really what the entire book was leading up to. That was the only reason I wanted to keep reading, everything else was pointless exposition.
-1 I was excited to read a Christmas themed book for the holidays this year, but this book was a huge dissapointment. The entire book felt like it was all telling and no showing--and the first five chapters or so were just complete info dumps. There was nothing in this book that stood out to me or was particularly interesting in any way. The premise obiously takes place during Christmas, and the main character's family owned a Christmas Tree farm, but overall, this book didn't even put me in the Christmas spirit or have any heartwarming moments. Even the scandal and drama that was supposed to surround the love interest was really dull. I didn't feel like there was ever any actual conflict in this book--everything that happened that could have potentially caused conflict was resolved within chapters in a completely matter of fact way. The dialouge between characters in this book was bland as well, and completley unrealistic. I also felt like the author needed to do a lot more research on several things, and a lot of things that were thrown in were just completely unrealistic. Our main character leaves school from thanksgiving to christmas, and her teachers are just ok with it because they are used to it happening. What about finals? I just cant see that situation ever playing out like that in a real school. Overall there was no development or conflict that I can even think of as I write this review, and it felt like the entire book was a rough draft.
-1 I'm super disappointed with this one. When I picked up this book, the last thing I thought I'd be when reading it was bored, but that's exactly what I was from almost start to finish. The one good thing about this book that I really really liked the amount of diversity the characters had, and at first it made me really hopeful for the story. The problem was, while I liked the fact that the characters were diverse, I didn't actually like the characters. I didn't hate them, I just didn't really care about them or feel any attachment to them what so ever. I think the main problem with this book is that there are WAY too many subplots. The author tries to cram every relevant issue today into this book. While a school shooting is going on, characters are also dealing with abuse, rape, and other family issues. There's too much going on for you to care about all of it or for it to feel like the characters care about all of it, so instead you care about none of it. I was also hopeful because I had heard that the author did a lot of research before writing this, so I expected it to be very accurate to real events, but based only off of my first-hand experience in the public school system, I could tell that it wasn't. It might have been a realistic portrayal of something that would happen 10 years ago, but not now, after our country has experienced events like this time and time again. My biggest problem was when the shots first started and the coach outside had no idea what to do. Teachers have lock down procedure drilled into them and they would always have some procedure for kids to follow in any situation. I also thought that the social media sections were a huge disappointment. It could have been done so well but it all felt so fake and nothing like what actual teenagers would write on twitter. I just think this book should have been gone about in an entirely different way, and overall it left me feeling disappointed and underwhelmed.
-1 3.5 Stars. I did enjoy this one slightly more than the first one. I thought it introduced a lot of great new characters and did a much better just showing instead of telling (which was my biggest problem with the first one). While I really enjoyed the first 100 pages after that I thought the plot slowed down a lot and I started to really lose interest. That's what really brought down the rating for me. I will say though that this is still one of the most original YA series I have ever read.
-1 ** spoiler alert ** \n I have to say that I found myself skimming a lot of this book. I just could not get into it. I missed not having our cast of characters around that I had grown to love so much in Hollow City, because they really make the story for me. Emma and Jacob on their own were pretty boring to read about. I also felt like the pacing was super off--the first half didn't really have anything happening and by the time the action started picking up I was disinterested and it was really hard for me to get back into the story. I also wasn't a huge fan of the ending. Jacob's parents was very annoying to me and I kind of wish that he didn't return home at all. Overall I did enjoy this series and thought it was unique but I just wasn't a huge fan of this conclusion.", "date_added": "Fri Feb 26 19:08:17 -0800 2016
-1 This book pushed me into a major reading slump. I confirmed to myself that it was the book itself and not just me being slumpy, because I had to put it down about half way through to read something else and I devoured it. I just feel really strongly that this book did nothing for the series. I obviously haven't continued on with the third book yet, but I feel like this series would have been better as a duology. \n It was such a disappointment for me because I loved the first book so much, but this was a major second book slump. I love the characters and the world, but I just could not find it in me to care about the plot in this installment. I really really wanted to, there was just nothing for me to latch onto. \n I still want to finish up this series and give it one more chance, because I think it deserves that, but I plan on waiting a little while before I continue on to try and un-slump myself.
-1 I think I went into this book with too high of expectations, from recommendations and from reading the incredible Six of Crows. And I did enjoy this book and I think this series is going promising places, but there are definitely some obvious ways that Bardugo's writing has improved from this book to now. \n My biggest problem with this book was that I felt like it was all telling and no showing. I love the world of Grisha and I thought this book had a really good plot, but there would be whole paragraphs that would literally just describe big chunks of time and events that happened, instead of showing us those events. It was a lot of narrations where I felt like she could have made more scenes and dialogue. I feel like this also led me to not care about the characters as much because they didn't have enough interactions that we got to see, and when I don't care about the characters, I'm just not that interested in the story. \n I also think that maybe I could have enjoyed this more if I had read it before Six of Crows. Since I was already acquainted with the whole Grisha magic system--which I loved reading about in Six of Crows-- I feel like it took some of the novelty of the discovery of the world that happens in the first book in a series. I'm hoping that now that we have some of the introductory things out of the way, book two can only get better.
-1 Ok, I know this series is super beloved, but this book just wasn't my thing. I do think that it has to do more with personal taste than anything else, because I really like Sarah J Maas and the Throne of Glass series. I will say that this book was really close to being 3 stars, but I couldn't do it because I came so close to DNFing this book many different times. The whole first half of this book just dragged on and on to me. I didn't really feel like there was anything particularly likeable about the main character or the love interest, so that aspect didn't hook me into the story either. However, I was never a fan of the actual story of beauty and the beast to begin with, so that is why I blaming most of my dissatisfaction on taste more than anything else. I did find the character of Rhysand very interesting and was more into the story by the end, which is why I think I will continue on with the series eventually and I am very hopeful that I will like the second book more. Maybe this was just a situation where it was the wrong book at the wrong time. There wasn't anything that I outright hated about this book, I just found it boring and difficult to get through.
-1 At the risk of embarrassing myself, I'm just going to come out and say it: I didn't understand this book. The writing was beautiful as always, but it still left me disappointed. The weird thing is that I understood all of the metaphors and analogies that Yancey was making, I just don't understand the actual plot of the book. I don't understand the reason the aliens invaded. When I started this book I was really hoping for a big scene where we got a detailed explanation of things and that just didn't happen. Now, I don't know if this is because I was too stupid to jump to a conclusion I was supposed to have jumped to, or if it was never really explained at all, but if someone could tell me I would love to discuss this one with someone to gain a better understanding. Am I the only one in this boat?
-1 I felt like there were a lot of missed oppertunities in this book. Overall, I just didn't like the direction she chose for the ending of this series. I was nervous when I picked it up and saw how short it was, but I thought that maybe because it was so short it would be action packed, but I felt like NOTHING happened in this book. \n It was hard for me to stay invested in this series, and I feel like I may have enjoyed the series more as a whole if I marathoned it instead of waiting for each book and reading them as soon as they released. I just felt like this was a really anti-climactic way to end a series about an anti-hero that had so much potential. This is definitely one series where I just disagree with the hype.
-1 This was one of those books where I just really didn't get what all the hype was about. I went into this book sceptical about the plot, but I had good faith because it had so many positive reviews. I ended up getting let down by expectations that were not that high to begin with. \n This story is told in an alternate reality in which the Axis powers are not defeated in WWII. Our main character, Yael, is a Jewish concentration camp survivor. As a child in these camps, she became part of the eugenics experiements the Nazi's conducted. As an unforseen side effect of these experiements, Yael gains the abillity to change her appearance at will. The story alternates between Yael's past story in the camp and Yael's current mission: to win a deadly motorcycle race and kill Hitler. \n I'll start by saying that I loved the timeline set in the past. I found the premise of her gaining her ability fascinating and the stories of the people she left behind heartbreaking. When I was reading these chapters I could not put the book down. \n However, I wish she would have executed the current time-line very differently. Part of the reason I was skeptical about this book was I found the premise of a motorcycle race with the reward of a ball in your honor thrown by Hitler very cheesey. I wanted to give it a try and I hoped that it would prove me wrong, but I was not able to get into it at all. I just felt that these parts were written so flatly, and I was completley bored while reading them. I couldn't get into any of the characters at all, which is interesting to me because I was able to do so in the chapters told in flashbacks. \n Apart from being just a generally flat character, I was constanly frustrated by the choices that Yael would make. She was supposed to be trained to be the best chance the rebellion had at killing Hitler, yet every mistake she made was so stupid and easliy aviodable, and then she would still be surprised when she was caught or challenged. \n I'm not sure what the plot of the second book is entirely, but I don't think I will continue on with this series.
-1 I love Richelle Mead, but this book wasn't as good to me as her Vampire Academy and Bloodlines books. It might just be me-- I don't know if I've ever read a stand-alone dystopian book that I really got into. I prefer the character growth over the span of a series. But I liked the concept of the book and the characters, I just think you can always do so much more with the story if you have more books to work with.
-1 I don't know why it's so surprising to me, but every few chapters or so I would find myself completely blown away by Yancey's writing. His word choice and sentence structure are absolutely breathtaking. I think that's the one thing that really makes these books stand out to me. Instead of just writing a book about fighting aliens, Yancy has created a book that questions the essence of humanity and the meaning of hope. That's definitely what I like the most about these books. \n The only thing I do not like is that sometimes the writing is so poetic and beautiful that the action can be hard to follow. There were times when I would be reading and I would have to double back and carefully reread something I had missed to find out what was going on, because of the writing style, and even now I'm a little unclear on some things. The other problem I had with this book specifically is that it took a REALLY long time to get into the action. I did really enjoy the book, especially the second half. \n I love the authenticity of Yancey's characters. Even though the book takes place in a post-apocalyptic environment, I still feel like the characters all act like people I could meet in real life. There's nothing worse than reading a young adult book where the characters don't act like teenagers would actually act, but Yancey hits the nail right on the head.
-1 I wish Goodreads did half stars because this was definitely a 3.5 almost a four for me. \n I'm about to rant a bit in this review because I feel like hate on this book for the wrong reasons. Here's the thing about this book, and about young adult books in general. This book was definitely intended for younger audiences on the young adult spectrum. The writing is very simple, and conflict gets resolved very quickly in the book. But that is not necessarily a bad thing, nor does it make this a bad book. Young adult is a very broad genre. You are going to have young adult writers that write with a wide vocabulary and include more graphic themes in their books, and you will also get books with more basic themes and simpler vocabulary, AND BOTH ARE EQUALLY NEEDED IN THE GENRE. Not all teenagers read at the same Lexile level, and that is a very important thing to understand. \n As for the story itself, I loved it. I thought it was very fun and super funny, I laughed out loud several times. The only problem I had with it was that the dialogue could be very unnatural and cringe-worthy at times. Overall I do think it was a good book, and even though I could see most of the plot coming, it didn't make me enjoy it any less. Zoe set out to create a positive message with diverse teens struggling with real life issues, and she got it exactly right. \n Was it a personal favorite of mine? Probably not, but I can also take a step back and realize that as a nineteen-year-old, I am not this book's target audience. This book is written for much younger readers going through these struggles and reading about characters like them for the first time, and as a publishing major, I can say that even though this book is not tailored to suit my preferences as a reader, it is a great asset to the young adult world and other readers.
-1 I'm not really sure what I was expecting from this book. Schmidt is one of my favorite authors and I've never disliked anything of his that I've read before. However, the genre of this book is definitely something I would not normally pick for myself to read. In an effort to expand my horizons, I gave it a try, figuring that if anyone could make me interested in the topic of this book, it was Schmidt. That being said, I still didn't like it. I'm accounting it mostly to the fact that it just wasn't my cup of tea, but I thought that the prose was really boring, definitely not what I'm used to from his other books. I will admit that I ended up skimming a lot of it because it was too hard for me to get into. I was probably a little generous in my rating--I definitely don't think that it was a three-star book, but I couldn't bare to give Schmidt any less-- but if you're more into historical fiction, this book might be for you.", "date_added": "Sun Oct 11 11:01:27 -0700 2015
-1 Ally Carter's newest series has everything typical of an Ally Carter book in the best way possible. Carter's books are always fun and full of strong female characters. I think that this series is a little more mature than some of her other series, but it could just be that she has grown as a writer. Overall a great plot and fun characters.
-1 I'm usually a big fan of paranormal romance books, so I had high hopes when I started reading Beautiful Creatures. I was hoping that it would be a New Vampire Academy or Mortal Instruments type book for me to obsess over. That being said, I was definitely disappointed. \n Beautiful Creatures is told from the perspective of Ethan Wate, living in a one horse textbook southern town. I have to say, I did really like the setting of the book. I think that Southern towns have such a rich history that a perfect for building a mystery around. All Ethan wants to do is escape Gatlin and not end up stuck there in the predictable like everyone else. In walks Lena and everything changes. He's drawn to her, despite her black sheep reputation in town, but all she wants is for him to stay away. \n Overall I thought it was decent, but nothing about the premise or the story pulled me in. I was uninterested in the characters and what happened to them, and I didn't think the love story was all that great. If you're really into these types of books you may find it worth reading, but otherwise I don't know if I would really recommend it. I definitely don't plan on reading on in the series.
-1 I really wished this book would have gone in a different direction. The synopsis makes it seem like the book is going to be about something completely different. I felt like there was just a lot going on in this book and it didn't come together for me in a satisfying way at all. I could see the ending coming from almost the beginning of the book, but I was hoping there would be a different bigger twist that would redeem the story for me and keep things interesting. To me, this book was really similar to We Were Liars, so maybe that was why I could guess the ending so easily. \n Aside from the disappointing conclusion to the mystery of the book, I didn't really like any of the characters at all. Dara and Nick both annoyed me equally and that made it even harder to like the book. But I will say that I love Lauren Oliver's writing style, so that was a redeeming quality for me, because I felt like it was really beautifully written, and I was very curious about how things were going to end, which led me to read the book very quickly. Things were just disappointing when I got there.
-1 3.5 or 3.75
-1 I want to say this book is the final book in the series but I'm not 100% sure. I'm just going to assume it is because everything was wrapped up pretty nicely. Not bad as far as endings go. I often find myself highly unsatisfied by the endings to trilogies in YA books and this one wasn't too bad. And I liked the series as a whole. Now it's time to Netflix the TV series, although I think it's going to be really different from the books!
-1 I put off reading this book for almost a year, and after finally reading it, I didn't find myself pleasantly surprised. It was pretty much exactly what I expected it to me. For one thing, the style of writing really bothered me (there was too much passive voice and it didn't suit the tense at all) and I disliked almost all of the characters. There were so many of them that you didn't really get close to any as an individual. I didn't really care what happened to the characters or the overall ending of the book, and was unclear on the whole concept of endgame to begin with. Even though they said the word Endgame almost 100 times, they never really clearly gave a description as to what it was.
-1 A cross between Cormac McCarthy The Road and many a Stephen King novel, but not as interesting as either. The ennui wafts off the page like the smell of old cheese. You want to run from the bookstore where you are paging through this black hole of a novel and bolster your sense of purpose with a good hot cup of joe and the laughter of children.
-1 It took about half way into this book for the humor to start hitting my funny bone. Making fun of the deaf, the overweight and the handicapped is a bit hard to get into, but the author tries to make this easier by having them be nasty people---think of the old Seinfeld episodes of the \"Bubble Boy\" etc. The first half is rather dark and cynical. But then about halfway through, the parody of the work place really started to turn from awful to wonderful, and the narrator gets into a hilarious exchange with the \"dealer\" in his building and then his overbearing girlfriend loses it during their breakup, so the second half I quite enjoyed.
-1 This was written in a seventies pot-boiler style, which is not really my cup of tea. The idea was amusing, but the realization seemed a bit stretched. There were a few laughs, but mostly I remember a wish to get through it. It did keep me from boredom in a hotel room, but when I got back home I had better things to read and it languishes on my unfinished shelf.
-1 A sad tale of love, (view spoiler)[where the lovers do not understand their own motives, or, if they do, they fail to listen to them. The young woman should have married the man she loved rather than the one who came from England. The man treats marriage as a box to check on his life menu. The locals are watching helplessly as this marriage inevitably hits the rocks. (hide spoiler)] Some really beautiful writing in here.
-1 This well written update to Catcher in the Rye depicts the confusion of high schoolers trying to find their way into adulthood. At first I mistook \"wall flower\" as code for a gay character, but it turns out that the author character is only a wimp, a soft-hearted crybaby, who I am surprised is not beaten, or at least ostracized by the end of the story, because that is the likely result of such a personality at my high school, which pre-dates the era in which this was written. And Ohio, my home state, is not far, or different, from Pennsylvania. Of course, he has to be soft-hearted in order to get away with some of the scenes he is witness to here. Nonetheless, he does a decent job of teasing out the small hypocrisies, the animal instincts, and most of all the sadness of the whole high school experience.
-1 A delightful, highly readable stroll through the creation of the OED with some small asides to period London and surgeons in the Civil War. Good for leisurely summer reading.
-1 Muriel Spark is well out of the politically correct zone in this \"blame the victim\" novelette. In a he-said, she-said world, this is Exhibit Number One in the she-was-asking-for-it Defendant's bar.
-1 A fun adventure tale that is a tad too droll and proper for my tastes. Millet's brand of humor is cut and dried--more of the tongue-in-cheek jokes of Erma Bombeck than the twist of the angry knife humor of Deborah Eisenberg, David Rakoff or Sam Lipsyte. If you are going to criticize using humor, go for the big laugh, is my philosophy. Still, entertaining enough to be a solid summer read, a pleasant time passer.
-1 A charming, tea drinker's tale about the furtive and futile impulses of a collection of aging British upper-crusters and their household help; a collection of their scheming, their fears, their denials, and their consideration. Perhaps quite cutting edge in its day. Spoiler Alert: Everyone dies in the end.
-1 Contrary to considerable booing that was stirred up by Chris' review of the first volume in this series, my boys and I have enjoyed them greatly. Even my elderly parents seemed to enjoy the bit of the volume that they read to their grandchildren last spring. There is no heaven or heroic rescue in these stories, only instance after instance of well-intentioned people finding reasons to do nothing, well-intentioned people mistakenly trusting villains, and villains running around deceiving adults again and again. There are also many instances of people following pop philosophies such as \"give people what they want\", \"a fair deal\" and \"rules must be followed\" to inflict the most pitiless and harmful abuse on innocent people, repeatedly. While these volumes were written between rise of the internet bubble (does anyone even remember that?) and the crash of Wall Street in 2008 (due to fake and dubious loans), which was punctuated by terrorism, torture and a war based on fear and fakery, the trend toward fear and fakery has only accelerated since then, and these stories continue to be quite timely. \n Here are some quotes from the Carnivorous Carnival: \n \"The story of the Baudelaires does not take place in a fictional land where lollipops grow on trees and singing mice do all of the chores. The story of the Baudelaires takes place in a very real world, where some people are laughed at just because they have something wrong with them, and where children can find themselves all alone in the world, struggling to understand the sinister mystery that surrounds them, and in this real world the arrival of lions means that the story is about to get much worse ...\" \n The carnival \"freaks\" are then recruited by Esme Squalor, \"the sixth most important financial advisor to the city,\" to throw not one of the carnival \"freaks\" but the fortune-teller, Madame Lulu, to the lions. \n \"Don't think of it as murder,\" Esme said. \"Think of it as a dramatic exercise. It's a special surprise for Count Olaf that will prove to him that you're brave enough to join his troupe.\" \n \"Throwing Lulu into a pit of lions doesn't strike me as particularly brave,\" Colette said. \"Just cruel and vicious.\" \n \"How can it be cruel and vicious to give people what they want?\" Esme asked. \"You want to joint Count Olaf's troupe, the crowd wants to see someone eaten by lions, and I want Madame Lulu thrown into the pit. Tomorrow, one of you will have the exciting opportunity to give everybody exactly what they want.\" ... \"When you put it like that,\" Hugo said thoughtfully, \"it doesn't sound so bad.\" \n And when the Bauldelaire orphans wake up the day of the \"show\", they meet a large crowd of carnival visitors who are excitedly looking forward to the throwing of some \"freak\" into the lion pit.
-1 A brief history of what had been discovered about the nature of the universe circa its publication date in the late 1980s. \n I bought this book after seeing the recent movie bio of Stephen Hawking and liking the theme of time possibly running backwards. In fact, I was reading this on the subway and was intrigued by the idea of time running backwards and nearly missed my subway stop, and would have had to go backwards myself! Unfortunately .... \n ***** SPOILER ALERT********* \n It turns out time cannot run backwards. But the idea was a wonderfully uplifting one, and the discovery that it cannot does not make the book any less interesting.
-1 The subject matter of the book, a disappearance and possible murder in the seedy world of Japanese night life \"water business\" promised to be interesting enough. And, to be honest, interest in the seediness, and the motivations of its denizens, was the motivating factor in wanting to read it. \n The writing is consistently solid and reporterly throughout; but rarely does the author relate any odd statement, or any strange incident, or delve into the motivations, situations of those involved in the business. He does not even manage to figure out what is going on with the murdered woman's father, who seems to be all over the map, from boldly traveling halfway around the world and camping out in Tokyo to get the police to solve the case, to, for example, running up a hug bar tab while frequenting the hostess bars of Roppongi himself. What is going on here, and what are the facts? It is never revealed. Was the killer, a Korean immigrant, a victim of discrimination in Japan, and was that a factor in his odd personality, or not? This is only hinted at but not probed. What is the nature of the job of the self-styled Roppongi \"financial advisor (and who the hell is this guy?)\"? Not investigated. What is going on with that S&M club and why did one of its members commit suicide? No answers are provided. What was the personality of the head of the investigation like? We don't find out. \n And so, after this rent in the social fabric of the water business society has allowed some light to play on what is inside, as the book closes, the darkness is once again allowed to envelope the entire cultural milieu.
-1 I have not done a lot of dabbling in the Sci-Fi space, and here I am jumping right into Sci-Fi from a different culture and political system from the get go. \n This tale is a lot of fun, with alien history, random murders, physics, global regime changes, nano-technology and the Chinese Cultural Revolution to boot! The evil environmentalists are interfering in pure science which is humanity's only chance to.... SPOILER ALERT. \n Some pretty well drawn characters and some serious writing and the science is all good.
-1 What is all the fuss about? The Independent called this book \"mesmerizing ... a whodunit of memory and morality.\" It won the Man Booker Prize in 2011. I don't understand. At first, it was good, denser than most novels, so I felt as if I had covered more than twenty pages of content when I was only on page nine. Nevertheless, I strained for something to happen, for the plot to thicken, so to speak--for the soup of this novel to boil into a rich, textured story of shock and morality. Instead, when all the steam had boiled away there was nothing left. The writing contained some sharp observations about time and memory, yes, and these built up expectations of some awful revelation. But the revelation never comes. The stone is slowly rolled away, and low and behold, the body is still there. \n But there seems to be more here than meets the eye. What really happened is subject to debate and reading of clues. \n Even the narrator may not fully understand even at the end. It leaves the reader wondering--not questioning her own views of things, but just wondering what happened in the story. \n And I don't think that is a good result for a story. Even if the narrator does not get it, the readers should, and on whether they do I give you the lively debate on Goodreads as Exhibit A. \n PARTIAL SPOILER ALERT: \n I felt that the apparent acts of Adrian were completely out of character. If he is so bold, then why do it? Why not face reality like a man? He strikes me as the gutless character in a Chekov tale rather than the bold youth he is built up to be. And why is Veronica angry with the narrator? Because of some unkind letter written 40 years ago? I don't understand what the narrator has to feel guilty about here. He had nothing to do with the actions of Adrian. Which makes Veronica seem nutso when yelling at him, \"You just don't get it do you?\" No. I don't.
-1 I struggle to find Basho or any talent of haiku in this dreary men's novel. There was the horrible war in which many men did horrible things to each other, in the name of many horrible ideas. Out of that experience of war came a man full of loathing for men and lust for women (well, he may have had that going in). That the latter is a sort of a hero in the former, despite what NPR might think, is to me more Hemingway than Tolstoy. He was a doctor in the army, a sort of pre-Cold War M.A.S.H. doc who ends up in command of his men in a Jap death camp, working for the good of the men, and dreaming of ... well, I won't spoil it. The crazy Japs do some crazy Jap things that are completely unbelievable for someone who knows Japanese culture. (Toast to Empire ... with tea? I don't think so.) For someone who has trained on Hemingway and/or McCarthy, it's an easy, familiar read.
-1 Many of these stories are effused with the lingering emotional aftermath of the unspoken war just ended. An ineffable sense of mourning plays through the words and actions of broken or confused ex-soldiers interacting with untouched civilians. Other stories carry a long melancholic nostalgia for childhood innocence, or a just a nostalgic melancholy, with small jokes and odd details to lighten the mood, a contrast of adult versus child, a crushed innocence. \n I very much liked the fact that the book cover is exactly the same design as the one that sat on my father's shelf when I was a boy, thus invoking in me my own melancholic nostalgia.
-1 I was going to write about this novel simply as an interesting exploration of the psychological effects of racism. But it is much more than that. It is a fine first novel, and in the tender year of 1970, it would have been (was?) ground breaking. Now, of course, the heavy burden of social perceptions of beauty, the racist source of intra-racial hatred, and self-loathing triggered by poverty are well known--or are they? \n (Yet another famous writer from the Midwest--and Ohio no less. Three cheers for the Buckeye state.)
-1 A quirky little (i.e., quickly read) novel, a sort of Twilight Zone of a situation, in which you can predict the direction fairly clearly, but it is creepy nonetheless. The direction of the story is much like The Lottery, a sort of community of oppression, but also fairly worn. The cousin, the interloper, is a practical business type, who can't stand quirkiness, who will not stand for oddity, and his appearance spells trouble. You sort of end up rooting for the person who seems like the source of the problem, but who is also somehow strangely innocent, as against the practical outsider, the snake who enters the garden and ruins everything.
-1 An amusing, entertaining book about one man's experience of failed middle class life, featuring a lot of weeping and epiphany on the part of the main character, and plenty of plot twists to keep it interesting. A nice summer or long train ride read (do you not ride trains where you live? You have my sympathy). The failure of the middle class life here is really about the failure of the U.S. economic system to maintain enough jobs to allow the dwindling American middle class to prosper, which it fails to notice when things seem good; the author gets in some licks on that account--a thoroughly enjoyable smack down of a few individuals symbolizing the group think, self-satisfaction, and collective delusion that started in the eighties, built up critical mass in the nineties, and after 2007 brought down the cloudburst of shit rain.
-1 Science is hard, but reading this book is easy. Elizabeth Kolbert pens another thoughtful volume, this time explaining how the death of other species is a warning for our own. Ask not for whom the bell tolls, it tolls for us, too. Can we think our way out of this pickle? One can only hope, because dramatically changing our lifestyle seems to be completely off the table. Hell, we can barely get the oldies to switch to energy saving lightbulbs and low flow toilets without screaming about communistic fascism.
-1 This was a tough read. Not tough because of long meandering sentences ala Henry James, but tough because of long descriptive passages that elicit nearly no interest in this reader. I assume that at the time of its publication this book was valued for its vicious criticism of the hypocrisy of various (fictional) members of the British communists and somewhat less pointed criticism of British capitalists, and men (and women) in general. There are also criticisms of Cold War militarism and racist colonialism. All of these are more dated than informative. Somewhat like reading a LIFE magazine from 1944--it does not give you any new information, but it is useful as a window onto the popular outlooks of the time. For the most part, reading this book was like reading diary entries by an unhappy writer who complains about the persons she interacts with in a prose that is barely leavened with any kind of wit or linguistic pyrotechnics, and which is fairly banal, though meticulous, in its observations. I did greatly enjoy, however, the description of the fictional author's interactions with the British movie and television producers and the American theater producer. Her send up of these folks' trivial understanding of her fictional work was very funny and insightful. I also enjoyed the pastiche of newspaper headlines from the ramping up on the Cold War in the 1950s, it being particularly painful to read here at the far end of that paranoid era, when we live with different newer (older) paranoia but are still living with the Cold War fears as well.
-1 After getting pushed down on my \"to read\" list for many years, I finally picked up a Vonnegut. It read very easily, more like a magazine article than a novel, perhaps a novelette. \n This is a good novel to read after reading Rhodes' \"The Making of the Atomic Bomb,\" as this is essentially the fiction companion to that. It's not about making the bomb, though, it's about scientists and their relationship with the rest of us, with some jabs at jingoism along the way. \n The author's hatred of women was distasteful, but then he doesn't seem to like men that much either. Perhaps one cannot blame this attitude on someone who witnessed the aftermath of the bombing of Dresden firsthand. Certainly Ambrose Bierce, another war spawned hater of man, deserves a pass. Primo Levi, though, is the better writer. \n While the fake religion of Bokononism is grating, it's also light and playful. In general this was an enjoyable read, although, as stated, the misogynist viewpoint doesn't age well.
-1 Early Dickens, in which his actual time in a workhouse is put to good use in a withering critique of the social philosophers (i.e., the economists and free market capitalism loving politicians) of his day. \n To wit: \n \"The little code of laws which certain profound and sound-judging philosophers have laid down as the mainsprings of all Madam Nature's deeds and actions; the said philosophers very wisely reducing the good lady's proceedings to matters of maxim and theory, and, by a very neat and pretty compliment to her exalted wisdom and understanding, putting entirely out of sight any considerations of heart, or generous impulse and feeling ... I do not mean to assert that it is the practice of renowned and learned sages at all to shorten the road to any great conclusion, their course indeed being rather to lengthen the distance by various circumlocutions and discursive staggerings .... Still I do mean to say, and do say distinctly, that it is the invariable practice of all mighty philosophers, in carrying out their theories, to evince great wisdom and foresight in providing against every possible contingency which can be supposed at all likely to affect themselves. Thus, to do a great right, you may do a little wrong, and you may take any means which the end to be attained will justify; the amount of the right or the amount of the wrong, or indeed the distinction between the two, being left entirely to the philosopher concerned: to be settled and determined by his clear, comprehensive, and impartial view of his own particular case.\" \n Oh snap. \n SPOILER: \n As a novel it tends to drag about the middle, when Oliver is taken in by an unrelated household after the break-in, and the mystery of his parentage is covered up by Bumble. This subplot was wisely cut by the 1960s Broadway version and the recent Polanski film.
-1 I think this is the best of Aimee Bender. A contemplative exploration of the life of one L.A. family from the daughter's point of view. There are fantastical elements here, but my dull mind was able to see the beauty and insight of them.
-1 My three year old loved, LOVED, this book so much that afterwards we started role playing, with me as the Station Inspector and him as Hugo Cabret. \n Highly recommend.
-1 The lesson here is that you cannot know whether you like something unless you try it. Some senators are not as smart as they think they are.
-1 A riff on 'ask and you shall receive, seek and ye shall find,' with a bit of \"use it or lose it,\" a boy who was searching for something ends up finding a bunch of gold. A materialist mantra disguised as a spiritual journey. Barbara Ehrenreich once observed that God the creator of the entire universe, could not possibly care whether a particular individual is rich or not. Jesus calls on people who would follow him to give up all their possessions. As for fans of The Alchemist, whatever makes you feel better, whatever gets you through the night, I suppose.
-1 A well written pot boiler with some interesting social commentary. The homeless former employees of the blue book factory was bittersweet. Well drawn main characters, who we all love to love and hate, in equal measure.
-1 My oldest child is five. In a few years he will be able to write as well as Dan Brown.
-1 A less than riveting examination of the internal psychology of two messed up kids. Good description of some interiors of Paris and interiors of a ruthless couple and their creepy mother in law. The BBC did a film version of this which I cannot forget 25 years later. The book is decent, but my mind will never forget the images of the film version.
-1 Good book for when you are sick in bed, or on a subway commute. Douglas Adams has a fine, Monty Pythonesque sense of humor. Its over fast, but apparently there is another one if you are interested. Spoiler alert: I would like to share a point where I did not LOL, but did in fact laugh out loud so hard that the subsequent coughing fit cured me of my bronchitis, viz. \n Question: How many roads must a man walk down? \n Indeed.
-1 It's all here! All the salesperson lingo (starts with \"success literature\" and goes downhill from there), the leaching of meaning from the English language, all in one easy to read, but meandering, lecture series, complete with diagrams! It is funny, though, however unintentionally. \n My favorite LOL came near the end. Stephen Covey sets the scene: \"All our prior communication had prepared us. The ground rules had been deeply established--not to probe and to leave it alone if it got to be too painful for either or both. ... to exercise the four unique endowments of our human nature, empowered us from the inside out ...\" \n He is talking about a talk he had with his spouse, Sandra, someone he should know pretty well. What was the talk about? Here's Stephen again: \"Another one of those difficult times [in talking with Sandra] had to do with a hang up that had bothered me for years ... Sandra's obsession with Frigidaire appliances. ... It was sometime in early spring when the Frigidaire issue came up.\" \n The Frigidaire issue? Are you farking kidding me, Stephen? You go on and on about how you should be open and look at things from the other's point of view and you have been carrying this 'burden' for so many years, how your wife prefers Frigidaire, and you just cannot abide that. Well, it turns out, happy ending, Sandra had a very good reason for preferring Frigidaire and it was a nice, touching, very human story. But the lead in to it was parody. \n Anywho, at least the book has a sort of ethical core ... Examine your motives!", "date_added": "Mon Jan 27 17:42:47 -0800 2014
-1 Starts out strong and powerful and going nowhere but then stretches into an interesting background on the main character's relationship with his father. Loved the car, the girlfriends, the excellent bit of writing on a tennis match. The main character has a wonderful line about life and trains, which I will not ruin for you.
-1 I stopped shortly after his parody of the Jewish professor, which left a bad taste. Perhaps I will try again some day.
-1 Apologies to all the fans, but I felt like this book was shouting at me. Perhaps it was the fact that I was having to deal with a neighbor who was a member of an organized crime syndicate opposing the construction of my house, and I just needed something more comforting at the time.
-1 A uniformed woman handed him the key-card across the front desk: Room 1301. No time to start being superstitious, he thought. In his room he pulled back the curtain on the far wall. Outside the window and across a narrow gap of air arose the raw concrete skeleton of a building under construction, sheathed in a web of bamboo scaffolding. A phone sat on the desk but he felt he had no one to call. What would he say? \"I am here.\" Sarah would hear it as \"I am not there.\" The television offered a Japanese news program, a Chinese news program and a drama, as far as Benjamin could make out, about Communist party members fighting to escape with their lives during an anti-communist purge (in Shanghai, was it?) by Chiang Kai-shek's nationalist forces. \"Welcome to the People's Republic,\" he muttered. \n He picked up the book he had brought, Memoirs of a Geisha, and read about the girl who became Sayuri and the curse of being born to indigence. \n It was before 10 p.m. when Benjamin got back to his room. He knew he would not be able to sleep for several hours. He turned on the television: Japanese national news, Chinese local news, and a romance/drama involving Red Army soldiers fighting the Japanese Imperial Army. He picked up Memoirs of a Geisha and read about Sayuri's tactics for survival in a world of the fabulously wealthy and desperately poor: sell yourself to the highest bidder. Was there a deeper wisdom in the strategy of Sayuri; was there deliverance in acceptance?
-1 Think hard.
-1 Lost me after the sweaty, limestone dust filled rape scene
-1 It is beautiful. I got lost among the flora, but do hope to take this up again some day when the kids are quieter, and the pace of life is slower.
-1 Terrifying. Please let's not ever do anything to endanger photosynthesis. That's the flip reaction. The deeper meaning of this book is unsettling. What is humanity like beneath the veneer of civilization? Is Primo Levi's book on this point more informative than this fear journal? Or, a more relaxed interpretation, is this merely a message about life from a father to a son? Does the writer believe that Christianity is the basis for morals, or only that Christianity is one basis, but not sufficiently strong to work under duress.
-1 Wonderful period description of what it was like for British traveling to South America. One of the best descriptions of a fever I have ever read.
-1 Who is John Galt? A self-satisfied, selfish, self centered egotist. But he knows how to do things, and therefore we should all try to be like him. Well, yes and no. \n Nietzsche declared God was dead and he lamented it. Ayn Rand, that angry White Russian refugee, chased out of her own country by the Bolsheviks, declared God dead and wanted to dance on His grave. To hell with concern for others, if everyone just acts in their own self-interest, then everything will be hunky dory! Right? What is the rational basis of moral principles? At least she tried. But in practice, the market is NOT self-policing. I give you merely Exhibit A: Alan Greenspan, looking like Wile E. Coyote after the TNT exploded in his face, with a look of sad confusion, of \"how come?\" \n The writing is tedious and preachy at times, and the heroes are amoral, killing and stealing as fits their solipsistic theory of right and wrong, but there are some good descriptions of the inside of an open hearth steel mill, of the skyline of Manhattan, of miles of railroads. It certainly is appealing to young men and women of all stripes, this Nietzschean world of super humans, lording it over the clinging, stinking masses of loathsome peasants with their pitchforks and their open mouths, trying to drag the job creators down.
-1 I had early given it two stars because of the style of writing. Should have given it a three, because I did like it, and it deserves more for sheer originality--something that is hard to keep in mind after so much time has passed. But this is an ur-text.
-1 This idiot is a true idiot, in the style of a sort of warmed over Jesus type, but incanting a sort of \"can't we all get along?\" refrain while pining over a girl of questionable morals (for the day) and plotting against a rival. Many funny moments, which keep it going.
-1 As I was rushing out the door to spend Christmas with my in-laws in northern Japan, I grabbed this off the shelf as the best single book at hand that would last me through the 10 day trip. I was not disappointed. There are several indications of despair in the book, but for the most part it is DFW hard at work on wry jokes, long detailed descriptions, interesting personal stories for selected characters and a bit of informative social discussion/analysis. The de rigor shit and booger jokes are classic DFW, but mostly it is high level wit. The narrative is, as one would expect, disjointed, but characters are developed and stories are told, and the pieces tie together with each other. There is no ending or even any trajectory or arc, because, sadly, we all know the ending. \n A REQUEST: \n Back in 2009 or 2010 the New Yorker published a short story by DFW that, since it appeared shortly (within 12 months?) after another DFW short story that was from The Pale King (the tax examiner piece on boredom), I had assumed it was also from this book. The story was about a boy who received a toy cement mixer one Christmas and his parents told him that the cement mixer would move on its own. The narrator describes the boy's painful efforts to catch the cement mixer moving on-its-own, but he never could. It ended on a scene with his father watching reports on the Vietnam War on the evening news. I subsequently lost the issue, and have searched the New Yorker's on line archive in vain (their search function is a bad joke). I thought it was part of the Pale King but alas it is not. If anyone has any information on where I can find this piece, please contact me.
-1 I NEED this book like yesterday! \n Can't wait for this.
-1 I hate giving one stars. I think I've only ever given one other. But I hate feeling unfulfilled and cheated at the end of a book, too. \n Here are the reasons I'm giving this a one: \n --There is no resolution at the end. I'm ok with cliffhangers, but I'm not okay with a cliffhanger in place of any real resolution whatsoever. \n --It is categorized as a romance, which gave me certain expectations, but those expectations weren't met (What I expect out of a romance is that there should at least be a couple that is a fair amount of the focus for most of the book. I also prefer a HEA or a HFN, though in *some* cases I can overlook it.) \n --There were a few rough editing areas. If it was this alone that bugged the crap out of me, I wouldn't have rated it so low, but with the other factors considered, I'm afraid it is a one. \n --Lily's \"Poor me, everyone hates me, I guess I'll go cry as a wolf so you'll scratch my ears\" drove me freaking batty. \n Here are the reasons that I would have given it a three, IF the issues above weren't present (In other words, if you don't care that this is portrayed as a romance, and aren't looking for a romance, and cliffhangers that don't resolve anything at all don't bother you, you will like this better than I did.) \n --There was so much potential with this. The worldbuilding was not very smoothly or seamlessly done, but there was a lot of it. The author truly created a fascinating world, with so much history and culture, and while it could have been done better, I enjoyed it. \n --There are several fascinating characters, and I enjoyed the close friendship between the four. I wish we got to know Pearl and Jack better, but I liked Ezra a lot. \n That's about all I can say without spoiling it. If you don't care about spoilers, or have already read it or decided you aren't going to, see more below. \n ***Major, ranty, annoyed spoilers below, including spoiling the end.*** \n (view spoiler)[ I'm really, seriously ticked off. There is NO resolution. I don't mind cliffhangers, but I do mind when a book isn't cohesive, and doesn't leave me with some satisfaction. \n This is something that could have been great. There is so much to the world and the details about the world and their customs. I mean honestly, the potential here is just immense. There were some choppy and rough parts that I think needed to be reworked to be a bit better, but overall, the writing was fine. \n In the end though, we know nothing. The only thing we had any resolution on was if she could do an awakening, and I never had any doubt over that. \n But the Kings still don't know she's a hybrid, we still don't know what Ezra's idea about home bases was, they are now on the run-- and how did the com revolt against them get this big this fast without anyone realizing it? WTF? And what was up with that letter from her mom and her uncle? That's just random at the end, and felt ridiculous, and stupid. It made zero sense. And Ventclaire still doesn't know he's her dad. Or is he, even? Lily assumes so, but maybe he has a hot brother that Lily's mom boinked too, we really don't know. \n She's supposed to rule people, but we almost only ever see her interact with the other Prodigies. \n And the Romance? Seriously? Dominic dies, every other Prodigy's mate dies. Her and Ezra seem like they could maybe have something, but it isn't really explored. Ugh! It is in the romance/fantasy category on Amazon, but this is definitely NOT a romance. There is no HEA or HFN or even a defined couple. (hide spoiler)]
-1 This was a book I wanted to love but I just didn't. It felt clunky and off. \n Everything that happened before she got on the bus was backstory and not really necessary. We could have learned about it as she told Andrew about it and it would have speed things up considerably. \n It just didn't do it for me. It was okay, but nothing amazing.
-1 (Source: Arc provided from the publisher through NetGalley.) \n I loved this book, and I hated this book. I still haven't made up my mind yet whether it is 4 stars or two stars, so I'm going to explain my reasons for both, and let you decide for yourself. \n What I loved: \n Even though the first few pages were a bit hard to sink into, by the 3rd chapter I was hooked. Amy was nothing special, but Liam is intoxicatingly hot. \n The suspense in this book is really what propelled me forward. There is a big mystery, and lots of pieces of the puzzle to try to work out, and that had my brain furiously reading on, wanting more clues. \n There was a fair amount of sex in this book, a lot more than say in Easy or Hopeless, and it was relatively detailed in some parts ( though not in others.) I thought all in all that was well done, and not cheesy like some books with tons of sex can tend to be. The characters really couldn't keep their hands off each other. \n What I hated: \n This is only half a book. And I don't just mean that because it is short (though it is quite short - a bit shorter than Damaged.) As soon as we get to the start of the climax of the story, it ends. I feel cheated, and I got this book for free. Had I paid for it, I would have returned it. \n Don't get me wrong. The story itself is good. What's here of it, anyway. But it left off the end. This isn't just a cliffhanger. It's a lack of ending. (And a lack of any HFN or HEA) I think a cliffhanger can be good if the story wraps up some plot threads, and leaves other plot threads to be resolved during the series. But this doesn't do that. It feels like a cheap ploy, and as a reader it infuriated me. I would have bought the next book anyway because Lisa Renee Jones' writing is very good and entertaining, and because I was enjoying the story. But now I have no faith that the next book will give me an actual ending. \n So 4 stars or 2 stars? \n Based on the writing and the story and the plot, right up until the point where the book cuts off, I would have given it four stars, but I feel like since I only got half the book, maybe the book should only get half the rating? \n My Recommendation: \n Wait until book 2 comes out, check reviews to see if there is satisfactory resolution in the end, and if so buy them both because the story will leave you entertained and Liam will make you swoon. But for now, hold onto your pennies.
-1 I have no idea what happened. \n I flew through reading the first two books, and really liked them. And then I got this one as an ARC, counted my lucky stars, and then couldn't keep interested in reading it. I found myself skimming the sexy parts, because they weren't very sexy. And then I was skimming between the sexy parts looking for something sweet or exciting or sexy. And then I realized I was skimming the whole book in boredom. \n Finally, finally, a bit over halfway through there seemed to actually be a story, and it started to get interesting and a few surprises were thrown around. \n If it wasn't for the redeeming second half this would have been more like 1 or 2 stars.
-1 I received a copy for review from NetGalley. \n Judging by the blurb, I expected to find myself crying through this entire book and yet I didn't shed a single tear. I truly felt ambivalent to the characters, and their plight. I think the only one I did identify with at all was Drew, and maybe the mom. \n I had zero sympathy with Saylor, and I didn't feel for her at all. Some of the details about Munchhausen didn't fit with things I've read about it, either ( not that I'm an expert ) and Saylor was so coldly ambivalent, analytical and detached, that I couldn't help feeling that way about her. \n What I did like was how crisp the writing was. I could truly see the characters and the surroundings and Saylor had a distinct voice. I was never bored while reading, I never got annoyed, but I just wasn't entertained or enamored either. \n I can't imagine how hard it is to write about a character like this, and I think it is great to explore such hard topics, it just unfortunately didn't grab me the way I'd hoped. \n I think this a book that people will react very differently to. While I didn't love it, I also didn't hate it, and some readers may find it more to their tastes than I did.
-1 If you are like me, you might not be sure you want to read/purchase this book given the entire slew of awful reviews. It really is hard to sort through the anger and the bitterness and venom circulating, to find reliable opinions about whether this book is any good or not. \n My mother in law purchased it for her Nook, so after she went to bed I borrowed the nook and sat down to read. It took about four hours. \n The most awful line of the book: He looked more prosperous than when he was broke. - Really? You don't say! \n The best line of the book: \"Sookie. You are mine.\" \n I didn't like the non-Sookie Pov sections, and honestly I don't think they added to the story. If anything I think they only served as filler to lengthen the book. Which is truly sad, because in all actuality most of the book felt like filler. I was never able to settle into a cohesive plot because it seemed like each page was a new episode of \"who will show up for a brief reconciliation from their past wrongs today.\" It felt like each character that has been important in the past that was still alive or undead showed up with an apology for how they'd wronged her in the past, only to help her for a scene, then be called away. The ones who couldn't come make a half-hearted apology followed by an excuse of why she isn't first to them, participated in the juvenile plot against her. \n Eric isn't as much as shadow of himself as some of the reviews would lead you to be. We still get a \"Sookie, you are mine.\" He does absolutely everything in his power to protect Sookie, even at the expense of himself. This, to me, was the best part of the book. I've known for so long that he does truly love her, and I think many of his actions showed it. While I don't agree with all of his actions, and some things were disappointing, I think their resolutions could have been carried out better. \n After his trouble in the previous book, Sam truly is a shadow of himself in this volume. I saw nothing of the close friendship between them of the past, and he left me boggled a lot of the time. He did put Sookie first, and I suppose that should count for something, but his choice didn't seem reasonable or in character. \n (view spoiler)[ \n As far as Sookie and Eric not ending up together: it breaks my heart, but I think it could have been done in a way that I would have been able to accept. The reasons given (that he was determined to turn her, and she didn't want that) are valid and do make sense. But to be effective, it needed to be set up better. IF they weren't going to have a HEA together ( and I really wish they would have ) then I think they should have ended it a few books ago. They could have broken up, and then in book twelve they could have found a way to be friends, much like her and bill. They could have found a happily not together, but not out of each other's lives. Would I have been sad? Yes. But I would have understood. Then, the romance between her and Sam could have been a big undercurrent of book 12. We could have seen chemistry growing strongly, and even possible have been routing for them to wake up and realize it. Then she could have saved him in the end, we would cross our fingers that it would make a turning point, and this book could have clinched it ( as long as he was more present in it. ) \n I entirely respect that Charlaine Harris had her own vision of how it should end. She is the author, after all. What I don't respect is the way it was carried out. She could have had this end, while still offering fans a sense of gratification for sticking with the series for 13 books. \n In conclusion, if you are still on the fence about whether to read this or not, I would say it honestly doesn't matter. I don't think it offers any satisfying conclusion for anything. Even Sam and Sookie aren't a done deal. If you are looking for closure, maybe the coda will offer it. If you want to read it just so you will have read everything, then go for it. (hide spoiler)]
-1 My Rating: 3.75 stars \n Reason it isn't closer to 5: It isn't something I would re-read. I felt it lacked the twists and turns and deply layered psychological plot that many of his best novels do. \n If you've been a longtime fan of Jonathan Kellerman's Alex Delaware novels like I am, you're likely thrilled that the 28th novel in the series, Guilt, has arrived! Guilt opens on a young mother-to-be reveling in the purchase of her first home. The scene is heavily laced with emotion and really spoke to me, dredging up all the memories of buying our house, having our children, and marital disagreements and then, in true suspenseful style, as soon as comfort sets in, Kellerman ripped the band-aid off. The young mother discovers the bones of an infant in her backyard. \n Milo and Alex take up the case, and for the first half of the novel the reader is tantalized with the utter lack of information. With few clues to go on and more bodies appearing, the truly grotesque is in the imagination while Alex and Milo snatch at theories and not much else, trying to imagine just what exactly is going on. \n One of the most enjoyable and rewarding factors of Guilt was getting a glimpse into Alex's childhood, keeping with the theme of children. I loved getting to know more about him, and I hope this trend continues for future books. Robin and Blanche make several appearances as well, and I have to say I hope to see them take their relationship to the next level. They are so good together. \n Each of Kellerman's characters became a unique entity, with distinct voices and their own parts to play in the drama of the case, and we quickly see that not each of the involved parties are who they appear to be. From nannies to celebrities, most have secrets and it seems even Alex himself has a few secrets. The fun of it is sorting the secrets and lies from the truths and the reader will get to do that right along with Alex. \n Guilt isn't quite as fast paced as many of Kellerman's books are, but it is sure to delight longtime fans of the series. However if you are new to Alex Delaware, this book stands on its own well enough that you'll be just fine jumping right in. If you like James Patterson's Alex Cross, be sure to check out the other crime-solving Alex--Kellerman's Alex Delaware. You won't feel guilty for it.
-1 I really hate to be critical, but in this case I just can't help it. That ending was absurd and awful and infuriating. \n I can accept cliffhangers, but this goes beyond cliffhanger. For a good cliffhanger, I need to feel some hope, or satisfaction or resolution. \n I would have sworn I was missing pages or something. \n The relationship developments between Daemon and Katy did make me happy overall. Getting to know Dawson was also enjoyable. \n Katy's choice to not tell Daemon about Blake also ticked me off, because it undermined their new, trusting, mature relationship. \n Several consistency problems also really annoyed me. Daemon put the opal on a necklace, but then it was in her pocket, then it was around her neck. This was a key detail, and it didn't flow consistently. \n Also, the black sweats she borrowed from Daemon were destroyed, but then she wore them again for the second attempt.
-1 Gosh, \"Become\" is such a hard book to describe. It was a book I loved to hate. \n Allow me to explain. It gripped me from the first page. I read it in a day, I was very captivated by it, and really wanted to see what happened. In that sense, I loved it. \n Much of the book takes place in Desi's head. On one hand, I have to say that Desi's voice was strong, and well developed. On the other hand, her head is a wild place to be. She is very repetitive, thinks the same things a lot - \"I was the devil's daughter...\" Yup got it. Don't need to hear it thought over and over. \n She frequently feels the need to justify her behavior and thoughts and feelings by reminding us just who she is. And that was where my hate came in. By halfway in, I knew the character pretty well, I didn't need all the constant extra explaining. \n The pace was fantastic. It moved fast and never got dull or boring. \n The editing was clean. A few small formatting issues - extra spaces. But absolutely nothing that interfered with readability. \n This book, all in all, is an example of a self published title well done. The cover is breathtaking, and the interior design is done very well too. \n But then we come to the end. I don't mind cliffhangers - to some extent. This one though, left me feeling very unsatisfied. I fully expect the first book in a series to leave me with questions and wanting more. This though, left me feeling like \"what was the point?\" \n From one standpoint, I can see that the conclusion was more in her emotional journey, and that part was at least a bit satisfying. \n I really believe that a cliffhanger, done well, should at least leave a character and by proxy the reader, on a high note. - This book failed to deliver that. \n If it weren't for the ending, I would have likely given 4 stars, even if the repeated thoughts did get a bit annoying, so you may like this book better than I did if cliffhangers don't bother you. \n I haven't made up my mind yet if I will get the sequel. It's my understanding that as of right now, the 3rd book isn't out yet, and I suspect the second book will be just as much of a cliffhanger from the reviews I have read on it. I will probably wait until the author concludes the series, and then consider finishing it.
-1 I just finished Entangled and I truly have mixed feelings about it. This was a relatively quick and easy read, with a well fleshed out plot, and the characters all had distinct personalities and voices. \n The cover is fantastic, the editing is acceptably good - only a few minor typos. \n The plot was cohesive, POV was easy to follow and the characters and the plot itself kept me interested. \n The problem I had with it is I felt like I was constantly a yoyo between being so caught up in the story that I had to keep reading, and then suddenly ripped out of the pages by characters acting in non believable ways. \n (view spoiler)[For Charlene not to expect her sister and possibly even her mother to eat a chocolate was beyond stupid. I mean seriously seriously stupid. What's the first thing that happens in your house when you are baking? Someone grabs a cookie or whatever it is as soon as it is done. At least that is how it is in my house. And for Gray and even her Mom to have no realized the chocolates were the cause? Also really stupid. \n The mother was not a believable character. What mother that loves her daughter to the point she tries to resurrect her would allow Charlene to dictate what classes they take, how they keep their hair, sleeping around, everything. \n Taking the mother's character and turn her into a super loyal but misguided best friend and maybe she would be believable, but that woman was in no way a parent. While I don't usually mind a lack of parenting in YA novels, when her motivation for the action that caused the major plot thread is parental love, she needs to act like a parent. (hide spoiler)]
-1 I just finished reading Here ( On The Otherside) and all in all, I am glad I did. I have a few complaints which I will share in a moment, however first I want to make it abundantly clear that all in all this book leans toward the positive side of the scale. I liked it enough that I will probably snag the sequel when it comes out. \n What I disliked: I found several ( atleast four or five) typos - little things like two periods, backwards quotation marks, etc as well as a few inconsistent issues - again small things. One of our characters was described in memory as having laughed at our main character, clinging onto the sidelines wanting to be a part of things - i didn't really feel like her best friend would have said that. At another point she tells a teacher she will stop by and see the school counselor, while internally saying she has no intentions of going. Suddenly the next morning she goes immediately to the counselors office? A good round of editing honestly should have caught these mistakes, but they were small enough that while they distracted me enough to be annoyed, I could keep going and ultimately i was glad that I did. \n Speaking only to the first half of the book I felt that plot points that were dropped often felt forced and didn't flow as well as they could have. She freaks out that Evan is actually looking at her, but by everything that had been described so far shes a bit of a spectacle at the school so while I understood where and why the author was going with the tidbit, it didn't feel natural. I think it would have made more sense if he'd been looking at her in a way that suggested he wanted to talk to her, which understandably would have confused her. \n What I did like: Everything else not listed above. The second half of the book was a giant improvement over the first half as far as plot went. Where before it had felt forced here it felt just right. The pacing overall was great, the first half set us up to know and like the characters and want to see them succeed, and i did. The second half was a whirlwind of a good ride. The author definitely nailed the art of pacing a good story and making us want to continue reading dead on. At no point did I want to give up on the book, even though during the first half I really wasn't entirely loving it. \n I also need to touch on the cover. While i love the breathtaking cover I am not sure that it totally fits the book. If i could have, I would have given this book 3 1/2 stars. With a solid edit and a bit of tightening up the first half to be as well written and as captivating as the second half it could easily be 4 1/2. \n In conclusion, pick up this book, keep with it through the first half and enjoy the rest of the ride.
-1 Listened to audiobook. \n Told from the husband's perspective, the book was uncomfortable to listen to, and would also, I think, be equally uncomfortable to read. Points given for creativity, though, because similar plot lines have been narrated from the wife's point of view.
-1 3.5 stars \n Listened to audiobook.
-1 Listened to audiobook. \n Characters are flat and predictable. The writing is uneven and uninspired. While I'm certain this shouldn't bother me as much as it did, what teenager today is named 'Olive'? I felt that every plot point was dealt with superficially, and there were so, so many. Including fewer and explorIng them in more depth might have enhanced the novel.
-1 Listened to audiobook.
-1 Listened to audiobook.
-1 3.5 stars \n Listened to audiobook.
-1 3.5 stars \n Listened to audiobook.
-1 Listened to audiobook.
-1 Listened to audiobook. \n This story is told in reverse. The plot seemed insubstantial and characters were flat. Not a satisfying read for me.
-1 3.5 stars \n Strained credulity.
-1 3.5 stars \n Listened to audiobook.
-1 Listened to audiobook.
-1 An unoriginal story line, poorly written with a predictable outcome. Switching back and forth in time every few pages, at the beginning of the novel and again at the end, were also annoying to me. One more of the far-too-many-already crime novels based on violence against women.
-1 First, I'd like to say that Lauren Graham never once says even a slightly unkind word about any person mentioned in this book. In my experience, this is rather unusual. I felt, though, that for the most part, I was reading an Ode to Gilmore Girls: The Original and the Reboot. Perhaps that's what she intended the book to be. As a casual fan of the series, this held some appeal, though her descriptions were clearly meant for hard core fans. I would have enjoyed a broader memoir of the actor's life much more. At times, this seemed like a lengthy promotion piece for the series reruns on Netflix and the reboot.
-1 Lots of great reviews leave me asking, \"OK, what did I miss?\" The first half of the book felt promising, with great writing and a well-formulated plot. Characters are fully drawn and interesting. And then the slow, slogging part began. And it continued for a long time, in my opinion. I honestly don't know if the last 50 pages or so picked up speed or if I simply realized that I was close to the end. I jumped around, reading the last 10 pages, then reading forward to meet that point. And I wondered, if this is how this book ends, (view spoiler)[ why on earth did there need to be so much intense background on so many extraneous characters if Manon is no longer going to be working with them? Which increased my frustration mightily. (hide spoiler)] I'm afraid I don't understand all the fuss.
-1 I'm a fan of many of Bohjalian's books, but this one was a disappointment. The narrator is a 21 year old who sounds much older than she is, as does her 12 year old sister. Dialogue among all characters often sounds stilted. A state police officer initiates a relationship with the narrator after receiving special permission to be assigned to the case. Boundaries, anyone? Professionalism? The gratuitous and highly specific details of sleep sex were unnecessary, in my opinion. Altogether, the story strained credulity from beginning to end.
-1 3.5 stars \n A well-plotted story that reveals complex characters layer by ever-deepening layer, much as one might come to know persons in the real world, All the Missing Girls was a satisfying read. Although the reverse chronology worked for me for the most part, I found it annoying just past the midpoint of the book for 50 pages or so. However, the plot was compelling enough that I moved past that section/emotion - I'm not sure if that experience was related to the content or simply my tolerance - and regained the sense of being engaged and invested.
-1 Listened to audiobook.
-1 2.5 stars \n Note: This book had 479 pages, not 496 as listed in the description. \n Much has been made of the varying responses to Helen Simonson's sophomore novel, following Major Pettigrew's Last Stand. It has been stated in some reviews that those who have read her debut do not like this book, and that those who have not read it do. In my case, I have not read Simonson's previous work, and struggled mightily to make it through this one. I am reminded of what was consistently emphasized as the cardinal rule of successful writing when I was a student, which was, 'Narrow your topic.' Simonson's attempt to address nearly every social issue of the early 20th century has resulted in too many characters, many of whom are either poorly developed or stereotypes; a lack of focus that caused the novel to drag at times and lose direction; and - despite so many, many words - plot points that are significant but glossed over superficially. \n Last, I am mystified by the title of this book. Given that Britain declared war on Germany on August 4, 1914, the summer before the war was rather brief. John Kent arrives home with the news that the war will begin the following day on page 110. How, then, did this novel come to be titled, The Summer Before the War?
-1 I have read all but one of this author's previous novels and have really enjoyed them. From the beginning, this one seemed different in a way that I, initially, couldn't pinpoint. Certainly, an author can write a book that doesn't come together as well as her previous ones, but I have strong suspicions that this title was actually written earlier in Gudenkauf's career. The prose is stilted and amateurish compared to her other works, the characters are undeveloped, the plot thin and simplistic. Frequent proofreading errors also decreased the quality and my enjoyment of this book. Here's hoping that her next work is one that reflects her growth as a writer and her strengths as a storyteller.
-1 The problems with this book have been articulately expressed in many reviews. I decided the best way to reach my goal in a reading challenge was to listen to this on eAudiobook. This was a mistake on my part. Ariadne Meyers, narrator for Violet, does a creditable job; Kirby Heyborne, narrator for Finch, sounds far older than a 17 year old and as though this is not an audiobook, but a stage performance of incredible import.
-1 I have a problem with this book being categorized as Young Adult Fiction because of numerous adult themes.
-1 I was really looking forward to this because I needed a good scare and it's been a long since I'd read a good horror novel. Maybe it's just me, but I wasn't frightened in the least. The story was not bad at all but I didn't really get what I wanted from this book.
-1 This started out really well, with magic, mystery and intrigue but then it devolved into an insta-all consuming love story and I...Just....Couldn't.
-1 Rating: 3.5 \n This book had a lot of issues. The romance made no sense at all to me, most of the flashbacks were tedious and unnecessary, and the plot twist at the end was so predictable. Also, the fact that Yael, the seasoned fighter, trusted Luka and Felix so completely was unrealistic. Despite all of that, I really did enjoy the book and I thought it was a lot of fun. The first book to me was a lot better but the sequel is good too.
-1 Rating: 3.5 \n This was going to get 3 stars but the ending with (view spoiler)[ Will (hide spoiler)] was one of the most beautiful things I'd ever read, so I thought I'd add half a point just for that. The problem with this series in my opinion is that it is just so heavy on the romance and drama. This is really what the books are about. Beyond that, there isn't much of an intriguing storyline. The writing is good but it felt everything was designed in a way to elicit sadness and tears out of the reader and it just didn't work for me. It was very melodramatic and it had me rolling my eyes quite a few times. I wanted a better plot, a more suspenseful story beyond the romance but it wasn't there. It was a nice read but I think the series is just really overrated.
-1 Rating: 3.5 stars. \n It was a fun read.
-1 Rating: 3.5 stars \n I liked this book but there are things that took away from it, in my opinion. It's a good book, but it had several issues. \n First off, I wasn't annoyed by Mal as many people were. He wanted Alina to reach her potential and did everything he could to aid her in her quest. He's a good guy. I mean, their relationship bored me ( God, did it bore me) but they loved each other so whatever. \n One of the issues for me was that this was a continent heavily plagued by war and that was such an important theme in this story but it was just brushed away. Being orphans was very central to who Alina and Mal and emphasis was placed on how many had died in these endless fruitless wars but in the end, not even a glimpse of how this issue would possibly be resolved was given. Instead, they just housed more orphans ( REALLY???) \n \"No land, no life. Just a uniform and a gun.\" \n Maybe I just expected more from Alina. I guess I wanted her to want to fix it, become queen maybe but she chose to distance herself from it all. I respect the fact that wanting to make the world a better place just is not on everyone's agenda, I do respect that, but Alina showed such fire and initiative numerous times, she went on and on about how she was a force to be reckoned with so you just kinda expect more from her. I wanted to see Daenerys shine through but she just fizzled out. \n She stated numerous times that she loved her power and she loved being stronger but in the end, she reverted back to who she was before any of this happened. It just saddened me. \n One of the biggest themes of the Darkling's campaign is the need to end the wars that have ravaged Ravka. He went about it all wrong, of course, but it would have a lot more interesting to see both Alina and him 'rule as equals' as he stated. To have Alina temper his ruthlessness, create a balance. Or really, just for her to rule alone. Set things right herself after killing the Darkling. \n On the plus side, the scenes were she visits the Darkling are so incredible and one the major highlights of this book. But seriousy, the ending the Darkling got was just right. In some ways, it was what he needed. \n I felt bored in some portions but overall, I was always curious to see what would happen. Plus, I really loved all the secondary characters ( Bahgra in particular) and the scenes with Nickolai were always a treat, as expected. \n It's a good book. I just get the feel of missed opportunities. Of greater story lines that could've been had but were neglected. Of the potential for this to have been a great book. It just.... saddened me.
-1 I give this book a 3.5 out of 5 stars. I really enjoyed it and all the characters in it. Just wished that the main character had a little more backbone. Also, the political angle was over-simplified but I know that politics isn't the main theme of the story, what with it being a light contemporary read and all. \n Overall, I really liked it and would definitely recommend it.
-1 While I enjoyed this story and flew through it, there were so many things that were wrong with it that took so much away from the story. This story is supposed to be based on Russia, or at least had elements from it, but the only thing Russian about it were the names of characters. I had such high hopes of exploring a new land and culture and the novel really disappointed me in that aspect. The world just was not fleshed out enough. \n Also, the main character was so obsessed with looks, it got on my nerves often. Plus, she found out she had this great gift that could save many lives, she plucked out of poverty and placed in such a luxurious world, so much was given to her but all she did was complain about things. She would make a lot of mistakes and then spend a lot of time angsting about them. She wasn't a bad character, just very frustrating at times. \n A lot of these issues had already been raised in other reviews but anyway, I did enjoy this story. It just left a lot to be desired. Or maybe I had high hopes. But I will be continuing on with the series because I'm really curious to see where it goes from here.
-1 The Shahrzad in the original Arabian Nights was a force to be reckoned with, truly cunning, manipulative and fearless. This Shahrzad was nowhere as impressive. The writing was beautiful but maybe I'm just not a fan of overly Romantic stories. It just failed to impress me.
-1 It started out really well, with magic, mystery and intrigue, and the writing is absolutely beautiful, then the insta, all-consuming love kicked in and I... just...couldn't
-1 3.5 \n Two gleaming, sad, pristine stories about loss and healing. They're written with a lot of sentiment, which translates into beauty sometimes and corniness at other times. I enjoyed reading it and would recommend it to anyone who enjoyed Katayama's Socrates in Love, for instance, but I also got the feeling, several times, that Yoshimoto writes like Murakami haters like to think Murakami writes.
-1 I literally did not finish this because it was too intense. I wasn't ready for the level of darkness I reached, and so I gave up. Good stuff, just a little too much for right now. Perhaps I'll try again. I loved the first book!
-1 Blah. Nothing here to keep me interested. Maybe I will try again another time.
-1 I've never wanted a lead character to die so badly as I did while reading this book. I hoped and wished that Mary would just DIE. \n The concept of the book is entirely unoriginal and seems to have been molded around M. Night Shamalamawhatever's \"The Village\". While the rest of the world seemed to hate that movie, I liked the idea and enjoyed the movie pretty much. I got that vibe while reading this book and I could have lived with--and even enjoyed--this book in all its unoriginal glory. \n BUT.... \n The author managed to create the most unlikeable character ever in this novel, and lucky for us readers, it was our boring, whiney, bipolar, selfish, stupid protagonist, Mary. There are so many things terribly painful about this book, that I'm sure they've already been written in reviews before, but I have to touch on a few. \n 1. Point of View. The author didn't do anyone any favors by writing in first person present point of view. Instead of an entertaining story, we get pages and pages and pages of what's going on inside Mary's head. First person present can work extremely well, but there wasn't enough actually going on in the story, so instead, we get front row seats to the spectacle that is Mary's inner thoughts. And all this chick thinks about is Travis, the ocean, her mother, and other things masked as philosophical ponderings. \n 2. Mary is a psycho. This chick has issues. First of all, dumb as rocks and though she constantly wonders what is outside the fence and what life used to hold, she is completely oblivious to things around her. She is the most selfish protagonist I've ever seen (and I heard people call Katniss selfish... they should check this hot mess out!). All she thought about was Travis and the ocean, and was either hurting those people around her who've been there for her since childhood, or putting everyone in danger all the time just so she could have her way. I found it impossible to root for her, and it broke my heart to find out that the series continues, because it means she won't die at the end. \n 3. Love/obsession triangle. This is not love. This is insanity, low self-esteem, bipolar mood swings, and a complete disregard for anything resembling respect. Her connection to these guys since childhood should have formed a stronger bond with them, especially since the population is so small, but there appears to be no strong connection between anyone here. Harry and Travis are brothers, and yet they show zero loyalty to one another, and betray the other without even thinking twice. Mary's confusing obsession with Travis is sickening, something like infatuation, but so up and down I'm wondering where her medications are. Her \"friendship\" with Cass supposedly went back many many years, and yet she has no shame in her actions with Travis. In one sentence, she's describing how she can't live without Travis, and the next she's fuming over the sight of Cass and Harry, and then she's livid over Cass and Travis... and it never stops. This chick has major issues. This girl represents everything that I want my daughter to NOT become. I may even use this book as an example of a pathetic and embarrassing excuse for a woman (and lead character!). \n 4. Everything else. It just was terrible. I was pretty invested even up until about halfway, and had this book at around 3 stars, despite Mary's character flaws. I liked the concept enough. And to the author's credit, her writing in terms of sentence structure and flow was actually not bad. But then it all went terribly downhill. \n Towards the end of the book I was really hoping that Jed would get Cass and Jacob out and safe. Cass had an epiphany at the end and I liked her mothering instincts actually. That is about the only thing believable and likeable about this book. \n I skimmed the last 20 pages or so of the book since I was nodding off, and found myself jumping with joy when I finally closed the book and could say I was done. I have never read Twilight, but after watching the movies, I see a similarity in pathetic characteristic between Bella and this Mary chick. I don't want to read or see pathetic. It's disgusting and uninteresting. I won't be reading the others, and I am going to immediately pick up something else and try and flush this waste of time out of my brain.
-1 Damn. I had an ENTIRE, long review written out, and was totally happy with it, and then a glitch in the site happened. Bummer. \n Well, to sum it up, it felt forced. I sensed, after reading Insurgent, that a third book was pushing it. I was happy with where Insurgent left off, and I could easily fill in the blanks with my own conclusions. \n That being said, there was a glimmer of something great in Allegiant. The explanation given early on in the book about why the cities and factions were in existence strengthened the premise laid out for us in the first and second books. Granted, it is still a rather unbelievable one, but hey, I don't read YA dystopian fiction for its plausibility. The back story that the Bureau gave reinforced Divergent, and I think actually made me appreciate it more. \n Kudos. \n Many people were distraught over the ending. I purposely avoided reading reviews like they were the plague, since I didn't want something to be spoiled, but I could tell by everyone's reaction that something big was going to happen. And something big did, in fact, occur. The buildup to it, however, was sloppy and it all happened so quickly that I didn't quite realize what was happening until the next chapter started. \n I'm okay with the ending though. Honestly. Just as in Mockingjay of The Hunger Games trilogy, not everything ends up finishing up in a pretty package. To me it makes it that much better. But, that being said, I found the journey there to be boring. The big stuff was revealed early on, and the rest in the middle was filler, giving us all-too-familiar scenes of sneaking around, lover's quarrels, and makeout sessions. Throw in the quite unbelievable plotting and execution of plans, and you've got a story that shouldn't have really happened. Or I should say, a book that was unnecessary. \n Great reveal early on, terribly sagging and repetitive middle, and a satisfactory and unpredictable ending. \n (view spoiler)[At least Tris and Four FINALLY got down and dirty and could say 'I love you' to one another. (hide spoiler)] \n Meh.
-1 I liked this. Didn't love it, but I enjoyed it enough to fly through the relatively short book without losing interest. \n Immediately I was taken by the point of view. It is written from a \"we\" standpoint instead of \"I\", even though it is told from one person's perspective. The way the dystopian world is, in this story, men and women are raised from birth to forget that they are individual, and that everything is done for the greater good which is all other brothers and sisters. The people are raised without desire for their own selfish needs and feelings, and the population is very drone-like and seems to be lacking in intelligence and humanity. The people come across as robots almost, set on autopilot, doing only what is willed of them by the Council. Everyone accepts their fate, because no one is valued over another, even if we as readers can put value on one occupation or set of circumstances over another. \n It took a chapter for me to get into it, because it was a lot of explaining of how the world is and how things are done. You don't really get a sense of whether the point of view character is one person or several until later on, when there are actions being described that can only be done by one person rather than many. Once I got past that first, even second chapter, and the lead character began to question his part in society, did things really get interesting. \n Some things are a little far-fetched, but what dystopian doesn't have something like that in them? The thing that makes this story good is not the plot, not the character, but the ideas behind why the character is doing what he's doing. Gives you food for thought I guess. \n The author was exposed to many wrong-doings in her childhood, having grown up in Russia in the early 1900's. Her and her family suffered many losses at the hands of the government, in the form of property, freedoms, and nearly their lives as well. All of these things helped to form her interesting philosophy called \"objectivism\", which is very obvious in her writing in this book. It makes me curious to try to read The Fountainhead again, which I gave up on in high school after I found it to be boring compared to books like Brave New World and Lord of the Flies. \n I would recommend this book to people who enjoy pondering philosophical content and exploring dystopian worlds.
-1 Eh, I just wasn't feeling this one. Maybe I took too long reading it or I couldn't connect with Jonas, but either way it was just ok to me. There was a heartbreaking scene late on that reminded me of the book Unwind, but overall I was underwhelmed. The themes in it are good things to ponder, but the delivery was either too preachy or too boring. The book had its moments of clarity but was slowly paced, even being as short as it was. I didn't quite buy into the memory transfer thing, or the idea that these people didn't know colors or music, since it seemed a little supernatural or far-fetched within the limits of believability set by the earlier parts of the story. Not bad, but I'm not a fan.
-1 The first book exceeded my expectations. \n The second book met my expectations. \n This book didn't ever need to be written. \n Ever. \n This book is horrible. \n This is an example of a third book of a trilogy that just didn't need to happen. A book that was written, seemingly, just to finish off a trilogy. The first book, considering the subject matter, was actually a fun read. It is no literary masterpiece, but an exciting 500+ pages. The second one rambled a little in spots, but overall I enjoyed it considering I didn't have anything better to read. \n But where do I begin with this one? The story was all over the map. It was apparent that the author knew the series had to end, and even perhaps knew HOW she wanted the series to end, but getting there was a sloppy, repetitive, boring bunch of nonsense. The steamy scenes that made the first book such a hit were so overdone at this point in the game that I skimmed through them for anything different from the previous steamy scene, stopping only if there was something new and fresh (which wasn't often). And the rest of the book was filled with Ana's and Christian's fights/temper tantrums. I couldn't even make it through the messy epilogue. She could have gotten rid of a lot of the \"fluff\" earlier on and used chapters to make jumps in time, leaving a little more room for some of the stuff at the end. \n The whole book followed a pattern similar to this: \n Ana \"disobeyed\" Christian, Christian punished her, they have makeup sex \n Over, and over and over again throughout the book. That would be alright if the author would change up her wording! Each scene sounds exactly the same as the previous scene. I rolled my eyes every time I read any of the following: \"He's really, really mad\", \"Oh\", \"I feel my belly clench\", \"we find our release together\"... and honestly the number of times they referred to each other as Mr. and Mrs. Grey was unnatural. But then again, they are a strange couple. There entire relationship is unhealthy and it's disturbing to think that people really think sex is going to cure everything, but that is my own personal opinion. Of course, it's fiction, so I can't really argue much there. I will just stay away from books like this in the future. \n And I won't be reading this one again. Ever.
-1 Well I can't say I expected a lot here. But I liked it. Maybe it was because I went in with low expectations and was pleasantly surprised. Maybe it was because the story wasn't half bad. \n Our Mr. Grey gets a little soft in this one. Not soft in a bad way (or in a way that sounds like I'm trying for a clever pun). You learn more of who he is and why he is this way. I enjoyed his backstory actually, and I loved the moments where he was totally and completely vulnerable and open. It made me wish he was here with me.... even moreso than the first book. Too bad Ana was too whiny, stubborn, and blind to see things most of the time. Honestly if I could slap her I would. Her character is very immature and inconsistent at times. Very hot and cold. One minute she's begging him for info and the next she's fuming over that very info she asked for. She drove me crazy in many parts. \n The book kind of gets repetitive though. Aside from a few exceptionally steamy encounters, the hot scenes all sound the same. The author uses the same sets of words to describe them (as she does in much of the book) which takes away from the excitement. Luckily there is a decent plot as well. I found myself skimming through many of the sex scenes to get to the interesting stuff. \n The ending was rather predictable and mellow, and I imagine the last book is going to go much in the same way. Fun read overall.", "date_added": "Fri Sep 07 14:24:00 -0700 2012
-1 What did I think? That's what the review box is asking me right now on my screen. Well.... \n It was good. I read it rather quickly which is a plus. The depth of research was amazing. Whether the author researched the right things or twisted things to fit his story... well I don't know. If I just look at it like a fictional novel then this was some pretty intense stuff. If I start walking around thinking that I've just learned the entire history of the church and Jesus and Mary Magdalene, then someone please slap me. \n People, it's a book. A thought provoking tale based on ideas and theories and possibly truth. I don't know for sure, and I'm surely not going to debate with someone whether this book was genius or if it was blaspheming in every way possible. Basically I enjoyed it, it created a little intellectual stirring, and that's it. The writing wasn't great but I can forgive that along with the cheesy dialogue and predictable storyline. \n So it's worth a read, but not worth a fuss.
-1 I gave this book 2 stars, because according to the ratings of Goodreads, that means \"it was ok\", and that's what I thought of it. \n I had to push through this to give a review, and it was not the author's fault. This just isn't my type of book I guess. It wasn't written poorly at all, and the story made sense and it would be a fun book I suppose if I was in high school or middle school, but I'm not. I probably should've passed on it in the first place, but since I read it I will review it. \n Personally I found it shallow and predictable, but it suits the genre and subject matter. I usually prefer books with a little more substance to them. If you like drama, high school, and all that jazz then you'll probably love this. It kind of reminded me of the Sweet Valley High books that I read when I was younger. \n Thank you to the authors for providing a copy for me to read, I do appreciate it.
-1 I don't abandon books often. I try very hard to finish them, even if it takes me months. But I can't stay awake with this book. \n Dystopias are some of my favorite types of books. YA is a hit or miss with me. This book had me gagging at the main character's pathetic lack of self esteem. Everything is very cliche and predictable, and I can't tell you how many times I skimmed I pages, just searching for some interesting dialogue. I didn't care for the narration style, which sloppily wove backstory and inner dialogue together, often stalling the story and putting me to sleep. \n I quit reading at page 105. I probably only read about 50 of those pages. It's time for me to move on to a more interesting book.
-1 I don't want to give 2 stars for this book because from the few emails David (the author) and I shared, and based on his posts I see all the time, he is the NICEST and COOLEST guy. But I have to be honest here about the book. \n The GOOD: \n 1. The story concept was good. Not fantastic, but refreshing. \n 2. It was a quick read, and despite the negative feedback I will list below, it was a page turner and easy to get through. \n 3. I enjoyed Christopher Lyon. He was my favorite character, though he needed some polishing. \n The NOT-SO-GOOD: \n 1. The dialogue was clumsy, cheesy, and forced. I don't know if the author was trying to go for a college feel with the way they talked, but it was very unnatural and read more as early high school talk. \n 2. I couldn't get attached to the characters. Their backstories could have been woven in much better instead of a rambling narration. I never really got to know who any of them were because they all had the same voice and manner. \n 3. There were a lot of show-don't-tell violations. \n 4. The foreshadowing seemed too much at times, and mixed with #3 above, the story was flat. \n 5. I don't think the point of view did any justice to the story. It would have been fun to have alternation first person POV between Gabriel and Christopher. Taylor was really only secondary to the angels and demons in my opinion. \n 6. My biggest problem was the characters acting petty and shallow in times where they should be concerned, scared, or emotional. During the battle scenes I couldn't enjoy them because I was caught up in wondering why they were talking about love and getting back to school. \n I read that this was the author's first book published, and in knowing that I have a lot of respect and can only encourage him to keep writing because I think he had a great concept in this book. \n Overall it was a book of flaws, not in idea but in execution and developing talent. I think a good editor would have helped quite a bit. I do plan on reading Demon Evolution though, because I've heard that it is better than the first. :) \n The author stated that this was his first book, and reading his blog was really encouraging for an aspiring writer like myself. So with that in mind, I can only imagine that he has gotten, and will continue to get better.
-1 I read this because a friend suggested it. The story itself is fine, but sometimes books with a religious undertone (or obvious tone, in this case) can be hard to read. I enjoy finding moral and religious aspects in books, even ones that are not labeled as Christian or religious, but when I go into a read knowing it is written with those things embedded in it... well I just have a hard time allowing myself to take in the story itself. I often feel as if I'm being lectured in a homily at church, with a meaninful parable being stuffed down my throat. It doesn't mean I don't agree with the message, it just means I take things in on my own terms. \n I recommend this book for those of strong faith and who can find God's word in any situation, no matter how dark it may be. Also for those who may have been through something terrible, and need a story written about facing feelings and emotions in tragedy.
-1 Meh. That's about how I feel about this one. I'm quite disappointed, actually. I bought the book, so sure in my purchase since it seemed everyone LOVES it, and now I'm stuck with a mediocre story on my shelf. \n It is written decent enough, but I guess I'm just sick of the unoriginal premises and cliche storylines. Maybe I shouldn't have bought so much into everyone else's opinions.
-1 I read this at a time I was going through a spiritual reinvention (translation: I was joining the Catholic Church)and wanted an uplifting read. This was just that, once you got through the heartbreaking retelling of the hospital events. But the author was not very skilled at putting words together, and his exclamations of \"I nearly fell out of my chair\" (paraphrasing of course) came too often and it got old. But, it's not about the author, it's about the boy, and his wonderful trip to heaven. I want to believe it is true, and I am going to do just that, because I know miracles happen, and throughout history mysterious and wonderful things have happened to rather ordinary people and if this is his story then it is a beautiful and uplifting one. I wish people wouldn't criticize it too harshly. Allowing someone else's story to irk you because of your own spiritual beliefs is silly.
-1 I couldn't make it through this. I only started reading it because it was featured in one of my favorite movies from my teen years, Ever After. The main character quoted it and for some stupid reason I was determined to read it. \n It's really short, but the writing style from the 1500's is MUCH different from ours. And I thought that Jane Austen was a challenging read! \n So, I gave up about halfway through, and I'm ok with that.
-1 I was a little uncertain of what I would find when I began reading this book. To be honest, the first few chapters left me hesitant to continue. The book is a story about Edie in 1992, who works to uncover the secrets hidden behind the family of Raymond Blythe (the author of her favorite book growing up) and his castle from back in WWII and beyond. She digs deeper and discovers connections to her own mother and searches for answers to a whole bunch of \"who\" and \"why\" questions about Raymond Blythe's family and the mysteries surrounding the shadowy past of her mother who refuses to talk to her about it. \n The things things that I didn't particularly care for in this book: \n The pacing. The length was fine, but it was a slow book. If it were a movie, I would have fallen asleep. Actually I did fall asleep several times while reading this, which is why it took me two months to finish it (compared to the different-in-every-way books of The Hunger Games Trilogy that I had managed to finish in less than a week). \n Too much detail and intertal thoughts in the chapters focused on Edie. Her actions were important and her connections to her mother were important, but I was utterly bored while reading her scenes, which obvioulsy couldn't be removed without disassembling the entire book. \n The things I enjoyed about this book: \n The shifting time frame. It kept things fresh and I really loved the way the story seemed to intertwine with itself over the 50 year gap in time. The book was pieced together really well, and I don't know if it was written that way, edited that way, or some combination of the two, but it was brilliant. \n The characters. By the end of the book you have several different characters with very distinct voices, stories, and personalities. You learn to love each of them for very different reasons (except Thomas Cavill... I just didn't connect with his character.) \n The story. If you step back and look, it is just a bunch of ordinary stories meshed together to form one plotline, but sometimes those individual stories of monsters within and secrets withheld can be more interesting than the earth-shattering story that affects everyone on the planet. \n And finally the WRITING. It is magnificent. The author has a beautiful sense of vocabulary and a way of piecing sentences together that makes you forget at times that you are reading a book. It is like music how it flows during some descriptions. And not just narrative. She writes just as beautiful during the times of action, thought, and reflection. The descriptions of her world are woven into sentences in ways that don't sound like your traditional description. When they use the term \"show, don't tell\" when it comes to writing, the author nails it. \n In all, it was a good read, even if slow at times, and I'm very glad to have done it. I am planning on reading her other books when I get my hands on them. I would recommend this to someone who can appreciate beautiful writing and a good story. I would not recommend this to someone who wants a lot of action.
-1 This book was like many other Michael Crichton books. I love the author and his writing, not because he makes amazing characters or one-of-a-kind storylines, but because his concepts are those that always tend to spark my interest. I think I was holding my breath for much of this book, because the IDEA of being under the water, at the bottom of the ocean is one that I get the chills thinking about. I love this author, regardless of others who criticize his actual writing. I find the scientific elements of his books fascinating, this one being no exception.
-1 Nothing unique about this concept, but to me, the medical/biological/scientific suspense novels don't get old. I have been a fan of Michael Crichton, and I like his writing style a lot, so this book was one that I liked. He doesn't create memorable characters, but the concepts themselves are very exciting.
-1 I couldn't finish this. \n But... I had to edit my review. I was not very nice in describing my boredom with the book. Some people have problems with people giving bad reviews when the person didn't finish the book, but I think it's entirely appropriate, as long you let people know you didn't finish. Then others can skip over your review if they want. \n People really enjoyed this book, and I bought into it. That's great if people loved it, but here are the reasons I couldn't make it past page 60: \n 1. Detached narrator. The point of view is that of Thomas, a boy who's been dropped in a place with a bunch of other boys. I expect panic, and uncertainty... and the author is telling me he's scared and panicking, but I don't feel it. It's third person, which can work, but I don't get any connection to the main character. Perhaps I could have later on if the author's writing style were different. See #2. \n 2. Too much telling, not enough showing. The author describes everything around the main character. But it's not done in a way that allows the story to flow. It's as if the story is pausing to describe the surroundings or other characters. \n 3. The slang. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. I don't feel like it did. \n 4. The withholding of information. Others mentioned this in their reviews, and I couldn't agree more. Thomas is asking questions, and no one is answering. And he's not okay with that, but he goes along with it. He asks more questions, and the subject is changed. \n I'd criticize that all the characters seem flat and sound the same, except that I do know that character development happens over the course of a book or series, and I didn't give the whole book a chance to discover if they have depth or not. I didn't find it in the first 60 pages, but I may have missed something later on. \n When I read a book, I want it to hook me with either an interesting storyline or by introducing me to a character that I want to know more about. Calling a book good or bad is subjective, and not entirely helpful. Instead of saying it was bad, I'll just say that I didn't enjoy it enough to read it in its entirety. I couldn't connect... I was reading words on a page, rather than wearing the character's shoes. \n I got a sort of Lord of the Flies feel while reading the little bit I managed. That book worked for me. The high average rating by so many other people on this one leaves a tiny bit of curiosity in my mind as to what happens in the story, but at this time I'm choosing not to continue, due to lack of interest. Perhaps there is a great storyline, and maybe in the future I will discover it. Is a one-star rating fair? In my opinion yes, because there was a failure to keep me reading.
-1 It looked cute. From the cover, to the story line, and to the fact that it was free on Amazon (and I absolutely adore free), I thought it would cute. \n It was anything but cute. I could not get past the simplistic sentences and so forced of dialogue that it was unnatural. Opening line of \"I stepped off the plane\"? Yeah, bad idea... How does talking to a completely random stranger for three hours or however long it was equate to it seeming like you've known the guy your whole life? And who in the world takes their secretary on vacation? Perhaps I should check out the billionaire life because I simply could not get past how unrealistic at times the main (and unlikable) characters were being. \n Honestly, I shouldn't be bashing this book as I didn't even make it halfway before stopping and going \"I'm done\".
-1 So I'll try to keep this short and to the point: \n I adore Elizabeth Reyes and I adore her very much so. I just don't adore Sofie and Eric. All they've been are just the side, supporting characters and I never found the spark I wanted to find with them, a spark Valerie has. \n If anything and as much as it hurts to say this, it was a bit boring, especially for the first half. I just don't want to hear their life story plus other parts of their life that overlapped with previous books. And the parts that were new and refreshing was just them arguing over silliness and I just wanted to dive into my Kindle to slap them in the face. I'm not a huge fan of reading about \"cheating\" (not so much in this case as it is in Gio) but Brandon was just the last thing I wanted to know about. \n Of course, I did love seeing Angel and Sarah again and perhaps it's because of those two I'm having troubles aknowledging Sofie and Eric as main characters. The constant banter of \"I'm leaving\", \"No, stay with me\", and \"Okay, I love you!\" just irked me to no end. Have a little more fight in there.
-1 I'm having a hard time categorizing 'dating' as the whole class of seventh graders going to the movies. It just didn't work out for me. Hayden and Nick dated for a month (when they were 12!) and apparently hate each other for it? No. That just didn't work out for me. And then you sit there and bash Hitch (the Will Smith movie that's constantly mentioned)? How dare you. \n Then there's the stupid pattern of acting like they care for each other, a make out scene, and then an accusation or a thousand thrown about. STOP IT HAYDEN! And when Nick isn't being too much of a jerk, he actually does say some pretty sweet stuff. But there's not enough of that though...
-1 For now, I'm just going to say that I wanted to burn this book and then punch a baby in the face in the last 20 or so pages. I don't think I've ever been that ANGRY over a death.
-1 My favorite cover by far. And after reading that description, I'm actually kind of glad that I didn't get DLV until the other day or I would have gone ballistic, knowing that the next book won't be released in a year! Especially after how that ending left spazzing, WHHHY!? \n But, NEAL? WHAT? Team Ben! Forget Adam. \n Edit: Some minor spoilers (though the ending is so predictable, there's really nothing to spoil. But we'll cover that later.) \n I absolutely adore you Mrs. Stolarz. So much to the point where I'm going to let this little mistake slide. Even though this is the 5th and supposedly last book to series that has drawn on for far too long, I don't feel satisfied. I can still walk around a room and have what seems like thousands of questions left with no answers. So I'm a bit disappointed in the ending. \n First off, I understand that \"write what you know\" is what drives a ton of writers. Yet, after 5 books, it was entirely too easy to figure out from the start what had happened. The blog? Knew who it was. The lessons? We all knew who they were coming from but this time it they just felt oddly placed and didn't flow as well. The crime that had hardly any background to it as to why it occurred? Ben would save her like he always does, yada yada yada. \n Plus, Camelia? I will always love you, but I REALLY wanted to slap you across the face for well, basically the whole entire book. You dragged it on with Adam, giving an innocent guy false belief, when you knew damn well it was over. But you don't even have time to mourn it until you run off into Ben's arm (actually more like rub his tattoo) and everything's suddenly okay! You run away to Rhode Island to \"enroll\" in some art classes, when it was all just a cover up for the girl. You disappointed Spencer and made yourself look like a fool in front of everyone (but it turns out everyone's in love with her...what was that about?). You act reckless to the point where your own best friend has to follow you and how do you repay him? You steal his keys countless times and run off on dangerous journeys, without the police and no thought that someone might actually care. I'm starting to wonder if there's any logic injected inside that head of yours. \n And the whole crisis with Alexia? It'd be an understatement to say we're left WAAAY too much in the dark. There were so many unanswered questions formatted in the form of \"it doesn't matter\" or \"it's all for the better, honey\" that I was just ready to stop right there and throw the book at some bonfire (Okay, I'm not really that evil but we get the point, right?). \n If there turns out to be an unexpected sixth book, I'm not a big enough to person to not gloat, \"I TOLD YOU SO!\". Although, I'm not sure if I want to see such a great series get deteriorated a bit more though with the same damn plot with different people. It's like Mockingjay all over again... \n So let's all have a little moment of silence as we all mourn the loss of a series that started out wonderfully and just kinda crash and burned.
-1 So I picked up this book and I read the little blip and thought, \"Hey, this looks cool.\" \n Uhh, nope. \n I've never read a book about sirens (but I didn't even realize it was about sirens until the diary...) and I just felt like I was in the dark. I wanted to know more about the diary cause it seemed to shed some light for not only Lexi, but for the reader as well. But Lexi doesn't even question it and forgets about it. \n Overall, I didn't find this to be much of a fantasy book with a little love like it led on to be. It turned into this one big somewhat sappy but not really love story that was just downright pathetic for me. The love triangle was a bit surprise (and unnecessary) since Erik just randomly turns up out of the blue, uninvited and poor Cole... It was just a huge drag and more like a forced read. Plus, Lexi always feeling terrible and being all \"I hate isolation but I'm choosing it anyway\" can REALLY bring a book down.
-1 Oh City of Lost Souls, oh you poor thing. True, I lost some sleep over this book and technically I still am because I'm crazy enough to attempt to write this review at 5 in the morning but: WHAT THE HELL IS THIS? \n Seriously, Clare? Seriously? \n As if COFA wasn't bad enough but you just had to make it worse, didn't you? You could have had a perfect ending with City of Glass and now I think you're just writing for the sake of having some more money come in, as if that isn't already happening with the City of Bones movie. \n Clary. I honestly used to like you. I really did. Probably not as much as I liked (or loved) Tessa but something. Now you're just annoying me. Sure, you run off and get your little ass potentially killed! No one's going to care! Why would they? You be that whiny girl who can't be away from her boyfriend without causing World War III and see how much love you get. \n Yeah, not so much, huh? \n Overall, I found this book lacking plot and just seemed of Clary dwelling on if Jace would ever would be well...the Jace we all know and love. Since Clary is being the silly girl she is, there's usually Jace to be the funny one we wished would just pop out of the page and be ours. \n But nope. Clare killed her only strong point in this book until the last few pages (cause of course everyone's gonna get their happy ending!) (view spoiler)[ And the fire thing? Really? What's the point of that happening? (hide spoiler)] \n And I'm sure by now everyone's noticed how Clary and Jace are these one of a kind characters that are so awesome and seem to have little to no flaws. And now it just seems that every book is focusing around that and after a while it gets lame... \n But, with the mention of Tessa earlier, it's obvious that I probably loved the Infernal Devices so I was ecstatic to see all the little references in it! Like seeing the angel and Will's copy of Tale of Two Cities and poor Alec getting jealous over Will. (though that really NEEDS to stop). \n And naturally, despite my little personal rant, where calling it unprofessional and mature is an understatement, of course I'm going to read City of Heavenly Souls or whatever it's called. (I really missed finding out what the cities were and now I don't even think there's anything useful about the title, other than trying to maintain the theme of the first 3 books). \n I'm BEYOND curious at how Clare going's to wrap this series up. \n Again.
-1 Hmm, I like it. It's intriguing. I wouldn't rate it 5 because I can't say I absolutely love it but there's a certain charm to the story that I'll definitely be reading the next volume. \n Initially thought the girl was going to be damsel in distress. Technically she is. She's reliant on the magician but not sure how to point this out. \n She's just a different sort of distress or the whole I accept my fate kind of girl. \n There's inner strength there. One that you should read to find out ;)
-1 I registered a book at BookCrossing.com! \n http://www.BookCrossing.com/journal/14158776
-1 The start was only so-so for me. Allow us to know the kind of personality the narrator (main character: Cath) had. \n Then it progress pretty slow; a nice pace, considering the setting of the character. \n I like the interactions in the story. It was the one thing that I would say really well done. The banter between characters and the little gesture they had. \n But - there's always a but, haha - not a fan of the ending. I feel like there's a lot of build-up in other areas that the author never develop. Funnily, it sort of fits \"Fangirl\" and \"Fanfiction\" ideas; where fans are allowed to roam about the story and make up their own tales on what could happen. Not my cup of tea.
-1 Fun, racy but I'm a bit disappointed.
-1 The story was painful to follow at first but it gradually gets better. \n The only reason I didn't put down the book was the influence Robin Hobb's previous books have on me. \n Luckily, it's not a disappointment. It gets interesting too! \n If you can stand the painful early chapters, then do give this series a try. Despite the 3-star, I'm glad I owned my copy. It was worth the money. :)
-1 Art was pretty, Lori is amazing and so is Carl. I still love Rick but the entire quality went a step back for me. Michonne is horribly written and Carol slitting her wrists over Tyreese makes no sense to me at all. Not my favorite volume so far.
-1 Mwah. Not for me. Did not expect it to be so.. empty? Like it didn't make me feel anything. Not impressed to be honest
-1 Easy to read. Boring. Pretentious. Unrealistic. Left me unmoved and a little annoyed.
-1 I did not make it past page 80 since I think it is the worst thing ever! First off all the sex scenes! That is not how your first time goes :S \n The girl seems to have no self control, own opinion or a voice. \n + whats with the fucking lip she keeps biting? Is she hungry? \n I did like the start but at one point it just lost it all and you were left with random and unnecessary fucking . \n Not my thing!
-1 I enjoyed the book up until the end. I liked the slower pace. It felt natural for this story and didn't feel intentionally dragged out for the sake of producing a longer book. The end just felt rushed and dissatisfying and a bit of a generic ending for this genre. It had that feel to it like when an author realizes their books is getting up there in pages and needs to wrap it up quickly to keep it under a certain number of pages. (view spoiler)[The final confrontation read like it took 5 minutes at most. And the fact Gar rewrote the spell to sacrifice himself instead of the caster was glaringly obvious the moment he found the spell in the journal (hide spoiler)]
-1 I would like to start off by stating I am very fond of the original 11 book sword of truth series this is a sequel to and I am very disappointed with this book. This book is far below the quality of the original series. It seemed to be written with the intent of stretching as little content as possible over as many page as possible making it painful to read. It is filled with unnecessary repetition, descriptions, and awkward wording to make sentences longer than normal. There are times when the same thought is repeated three or four times, sometimes not even with different wording. A small story in a large book. If the story weren't stretched out as it is it would be a decent story, still not on the same level as the original series but probably still an enjoyable (half as long) read.
-1 I remember reading this in my early teens. While I don't remember everything in it I remember it really screwed with my head, in a good way. I was unaware it was part of a series and I'm kind of disappointed to find that out. The first worked well when I thought of it as a stand alone and I fear to read them or go back and reread this with the risk of tainting my fond memories of the first time I read it with my grown-up knowledge of quality books. But knowing there are sequels urges me to go back and revisit the series and I suspect I will revisit this series eventually. I suppose this review must serve as a reminder to myself that I did enjoy this book even if rereading does end up souring those memories.
-1 Vorkosigan Slice of Life: The Dithering \n (view spoiler)[Aral is three years dead. Cordelia and Jole dither over if they should be together. (hide spoiler)] \n That is the entirety of the book. There is literally zero mystery, adventure, political intrigue, or action of any kind. (view spoiler)[ Cordelia (hide spoiler)] dithers over if she's ready to move on, so does (view spoiler)[ Jole (hide spoiler)]. That's the whole book: exceptionally long rambling dithering. Even if you didn't click on my spoiler tags, by reading this review you have just read the entirety of the book. No joke. \n This book is uncooked grits. Absolutely no flavor, no butter, or salt.
-1 I don't get it. The characters I think I'm supposed to like I actually hate with fiery passion.
-1 2.5 - this book was a lot like book 3 but not quite as bad.
-1 2.75 \n I thought Poison Study was fantastic and up to about half way, this book wasn't that bad but then everything changed - the characters were no longer the characters they were in the first book and had devolved rather than evolved. The premise of the first book was so good but it was almost as if the author couldn't decide what the book was to be about and the result is just a mess. Being a fan of fantasy fiction I'm happy to let a lot of things go but some if this just wasn't believable and then started to be a bit, well, cheesy. A real shame as it could have really worked. I'm going to read the next book as I'm interested to see where it is going.
-1 ** spoiler alert ** \n I do like the story but there are still a few niggles for me - first the ones that have been there from the beginning, calling random people \"the mage\". There's so many mages - why not just call them by their name? I think the second part of the book needed a lot more bulking out - people's anger at the end didn't seem justified to what had been described to the reader. Had the sort of detail been gone into then this could have a been a 4+ star book.
-1 Too many authors think that they have to use the shock value because of JK Rowling and George R R Martin. This book is unnecessary and ruined a quite enjoyable appendix to the Shadowhunter world. Unimpressed.
-1 Armentrout annoys me. I've read a lot of her books and they really should be 5 stars but it is the same thing that annoys me every time - why can't an editor ever go through and strike out every time she uses a descriptor twice in successive paragraphs? And the damn nicknames! Why is Roth suddenly calling Layla shortie all the time? And Layla-bug? I would so not let a guy near me if he was using that all the time. It is exactly the same thing that ended up seriously pissing me off about the Lux books. That and anything to do with holy demon or alien babies. And that the leading female character is always too good to swear. \n It is a good story but it is an obvious story, I would defy anyone not go have worked it all out way before the reveal at the end. The love triangle is blah. For some reason the character development of Abott really annoys me - he is very 2D. Roth is awesome and I want my own demon familiar. Those kittens rock. Hoping we get to see the dragon in the third book.
-1 Feel mean giving this one a 2 as it did make me smile in places (despite wanting to smash my kindle in places) so have rounded it up to 3. It also made my commute whizz by today.
-1 Got to 32% before I decided I'd rather gouge my own eyes out.
-1 George R R Martin writes children's stories in comparison to this.
-1 thought this was the best short story by far - shorter than the others but much better in terms of character development, moving on the story and the messaging behind it all.
-1 This is one of the worst books I've ever read. I feel swindled that I paid money for it. Then I read that it is going to be made into a film by the directors of Harry Potter. I'm beyond stunned. What did I miss? The characterisation made no sense - the main character changed personality from paragraph to paragraph as did the other characters. She went from uncertain to certain. Uncaring to caring. Worried about her body to not worrying about her body. \n There was a theme of women being oppressed and an indication that this was a bad thing yet in the very next breath the main character is lamenting that she is too overweight to fight or that she is not pretty enough. \n The book seems to be set in the future but it reads like it was set on the past. There is no explanation as to why we went from technology to a neo-medieval world with magic. The Library has Harry Potter books which was just cringeworthy. \n I actually wanted someone to succeed in killing the Queen of the Tearling. In fact, I'm rewriting the end of the book in my mind to ensure this happens. I could go on and on but I've already spent way too much time on this book.
-1 I'm giving this book two stars because the potential was so good. The character development is a one star - so poor. I couldn't understand how the characters changed from page to page and felt that a lot of the plot was just shoe-horned in. Really disappointing as the concept was really interesting but it played out as three completely different stories that were not meant to mesh together.
-1 1.5 \n I think I read a different book to everyone else. I was cringing every other sentence. I really enjoyed the first couple of books and then it just seemed to get away from the author. Perhaps I'm just getting older and more cynical with it. The ending just seemed way too easy. And I can't be bothered to say much else.
-1 I'd had this series on my Kindle for ages and as it was the oldest unread \"book\" I started it and was intrigued with the idea of a serial, although technically for me it was an anthology as I had all 6 parts of the first season which I think I'd got for free. \n I liked it. Yes, it could have been more technical and probably could have had more character development but it was one of a few \"books\" I've read that has gone straight into a story and from action to action without me feeling it was crap or badly edited. I'm genuinely freaked out by what is going on - not just the sci-fi element but some of the characters themselves that prove themselves to be pretty shit members of the human race. \n At some point I'd like to follow the series to its conclusion - I'm not saying I'm rushing to buy the next series straight away, but it is an option once I've read all the other old books on my Kindle!
-1 I'll take time to review this more thoroughly later but I must admit I was disappointed. This took ages to get going and then it just felt too easy and rushed.", "date_added": "Tue Feb 10 02:18:17 -0800 2015
-1 This was a hard book to read. At some points it was really good and at others, it was really bad cliched writing. It was almost as if the author had some key way-points in the book and he didn't really know how to link them all together. The development work to get a couple of the main characters from where they were to where they get to is non-existent. Then there are a couple of characters that crop up at the beginning, are not heard of again and then you are supposed to feel something for them at the end. There's a few other characters that I'd liked to have known more about but maybe the next books will do this. \n I liked the idea, and I've got the second book on prime because I'm intrigued about the story, but I did find myself skimming the book at some points and getting quite confused. I almost thought it was a book for teens but the sex scenes in there it can't be. \n I'm surprised at the number of five star reviews but if this gets people into reading fantasy, that's great. It is certainly less complicated than LoTR, GoT and SotW.
-1 I liked the concept behind this I just didn't find it entertaining. I guess the problem for me is that any literary detectives have to come up against Jasper Fforde's Thursday Next stories which are my favourite books of all time. I kept expecting this book to be funny but it wasn't. A good and interesting idea but perhaps brought in too many different magics and for me it didn't really fully explain what the library was and the importance of it.
-1 I'm am really sorry. I'm sorry because I never normally disagree with the masses on books but in this case I'm the polar opposite of everyone else. These books were dreadful! I nearly gave this one 2 stars because at about 50% it actually got a little bit interesting. The old vampire lore had potential but it was not explored enough. We had to endure the absolutely awful Bridget for pages too long. The ending actually made me feel a bit ill - these characters, who we were supposed to like, aren't really very nice at all. If I read another book where everybody refers to each other all the time with their full names then I, Stacey Frier, will throw my Kindle out from the roof of my flat. Beatrice & Giovanni? Yuck. They sound like a couple I remember in the middle of a Starbucks once who were virtually having sex on their table despite everyone telling them to get a room. In the middle of the day. Just vile. And all this \"woman, come here\" stuff. You ask why I read all four books? I paid for them so I read them so I could write a scathing review. Which apparently no other reviewer in the world agrees with. So I'm sorry it has come to this. That I was lured in with ratings of 4.75 from so many people. I can no longer trust Goodreads.
-1 I read this years ago. No idea why it is coming up as not finished!!
-1 Probably a 2.5. \n I really didn't get this book. It had so many good reviews so I thought it would blow me away but it didn't. It reminded me too much of the \"A Discovery of Witches\" books. I've got the others in the series so I'll read them too. It wasn't bad, the writing was good, it just didn't engage me and just seemed to similar to other books of the same genre I've read.
-1 1.5 - it was ok, just not my thing.
-1 Three stars for the writing but I could have lived without never reading this book. I'm not sure the message resonates. Maybe I'll feel different when I've had time to think about it. \n Ok I've slept on it. I read an interview with Veronica Roth yesterday where she said that she had in mind the ending right from the beginning. I always think this is a bit of a danger as you're developing the story. I just don't think the ending was appropriate for the book -the sacrifice doesn't make sense. Had there been a theme throughout the book where it was obvious that this had to happen then I'd accept it, but the stakes didn't seem high enough for me, it was almost senseless. Where I can accept it in books like Game of Thrones, I'm not sure that the motivational messages work when you break the reader as Roth does. Maybe the novellas that follow will pad out the story but I expect these are just the publication of Roth's experiment in working on Tobias's voice. I'm pretty gutted, and I'm not sure if that is what the author wants me to feel, if so I'm not sure she pitched it right.", "date_added": "Sun Aug 11 07:31:11 -0700 2013
-1 I'm pretty sure that this could have been added onto the last book more succinctly.
-1 1.5 A cup of tea with three sugars in it. You know tea is good but it is so sickly sweet and blah with the sugar in it. You want to spit it out but it would be a waste of tea. Then you finish the tea and wonder why you drank it for the three hours you had it. And you're a bit frustrated because the tea had really bad spelling, poor sentence structure, had about 10 OKs in one paragraph (in an unironic way, OK?) and was naive to infinity and beyond. But, it's tea you know? OK.
-1 The first 30% of this book is awful. I wondered if it was the character showing naivety at one point but it was poor writing. There's lots of stuff that doesn't make sense - for example, the bizarre relationship between Anna and her adopted mother which bordered on emotional blackmail and then at the end she quotes her adopted mother by saying the best way to live someone was with an open palm/let them go. Huh. The mother has kept Anna so sheltered her whole life - unless this was a recent quote it makes no sense. Had there been a scene where she'd said to Anna \"This scares the hell out of me but I know I have to let you deal with it in your own way\" it might have made more sense. \n There's so much crying in this book - this girl would cry if you picked a daisy in front of her because you'd killed it. I suppose it makes the end confrontation slightly more believable. It does gets a bit better but I'm still a bit unclear on the character development. perhaps that is explained in the rest of the series which I'd like to read but the rest of the books are blimmen expensive.", "date_added": "Mon Feb 25 05:12:16 -0800 2013
-1 ** spoiler alert ** \n I was going to give this 3 stars all the way through and then I thought about giving it 4. In an ideal world (GOODREADS!) I'd give it 3 and a half. I like the concept but sometimes the dialogue grates me but I can see why YA readers like it. Myself, I like the concept of shadow hunters - other than that, there really isn't anything in these books which is truly unique. And I love that there is a huge element of risk in the Clary (hate the name, I change it to Clarissa when reading, it sounds.... childish) and Jace's (equally dislike the name but Jonathan doesn't suit him) relationship - that takes balls. But it isn't as grim as it might be perceived - it is actually very sympathetically explored - although the kiss in the Seelie Court could have been toned down somewhat and I'm fascinated to see how far it goes. The story is reminding me of the Secret Circle very much. Bit of a shame Simon had to vampify - I liked the idea of keeping someone mundane/human in Clarissa's life. Vampires are always cool, but it over-complicates a love triangle (or at the end of the book, a non-love triangle - Jace and Simon got more action than anyone - together - a new ship?)which was fascinating to start with. Also, why are some of the characters - eg Alec & Isabelle not openly bothered about the incest? They have their own relationship interests with Magnus and the weird fae guy respectively but in the grand scheme of things they are darn normal relationships. Anyway, at some point I'll read the next one but I can't say I'd be too devastated if I didn't.
-1 the writing was beautiful but I'm not sure about the story.
-1 2.5 stars \n This was one bizarre book. I was shocked at the end to realise that it was written by the same person who'd written the Lux series I'd spent the weekend obsessing about - I would have never guessed that, the writing is completely different. (Although thinking about it, lots of discussion of eye colour and abs should have alerted me to this). Lux felt finished whereas this book - felt like it was a draft. Or at least, certainly the first half felt like it was a draft, and yes, it is incredibly similar to Vampire Academy although I'd argue that it isn't *as* similar. For example, Deacon/Seth clearly suck, whereas Adrian kicks ass, so let's not visit that one again. *fangirl moment* \n It was very easy to get through, I almost read it completely in my two-way train commute and then had about 5% to finish at home. It lacked description, although thinking about it, the Lux books were similar. I can tell you a lot of the characters had hair as they were constantly putting their hands through it, and I know what colour eyes people had, but I'm less sure about anything else. \n The story.... yes, it is very similar to VA but there are some bits that are different. I just wish some of the characters were a bit more likeable. The reason VA was so good was because you could see Rose being with Dmitri and Adrian - both were good for her, but whereas Aidan clearly is a sweetheart, Seth seems so creepy. Maybe that's the intention, but it doesn't sell it either way to me. Either make him completely venomous or nice, you can't have it in the middle - it's just....turgid. \n I'm going to try the next book at some point to see if it does deviate from VA, as the author says it does, but I'm more looking forward to the next Lux book, truth be told.
-1 I'm honestly not sure why there are so negative reviews of this book. It isn't great but it's not that bad considering who it is aimed at. I read it quite quickly and there weren't too many occasions where the book annoyed me. Yes, there could have been more explanation and backstory but I assume that is what the next five books are about. There are plot holes but show me books that don't have them. It was never my objective when picking up this book to find the next master class novel - you just look at the blurb to know exactly what it is going to be - a tried and tested formula that works. It is escapism. And so what if it borrows themes from other books? It isn't as of there are infinite storylines in the world. I like that the author tries to introduce meanings of auras and flowers although the auras are underused in the latter half of the book - very strange considering the figure at the beginning explaining their meanings. Bottom line is, if you want to read a timeless young adult novel read Catcher in the Rye. People put standards on books that aren't intended to be anything other than what they are. I probably would have given this two and a half stars if I could but bumped up to 3 as there were so many one star reviews of it. So if you've got to the end of my rant, if you're a fan of Twilight, Fallen etc you'll probably enjoy this. The first novel is no way as intricate but let's face it, I'm of a age now where getting too involved is exhausting. ;-)
-1 I've read this book so many times. Well not this actual book but many more with the exact same storyline and characters. I finished it because I had an hour to kill waiting for a friend at the station and I wanted to know if it would end how I thought it would. It did. Not for me I'm afraid.
-1 Wow, I'm confused. In some ways I like this book. In other ways it seems a complete mishmash of Harry Potter meets the Secret Circle with a healthy dose of Star Wars. With a bit of Eastenders/Hollyoaks thrown in for good measure. In fact the Princess Leia reference totally sealed for me what I knew the big spoiler was going to be. And to be honest, the spoiler didn't really bother me and if this makes me dysfunctional, well *shrugs*. I saw that coming from a long way off. It was entertaining and I finished it quickly. I definitely want to see what happens in the other books as I'm interested in how you can take a storyline like that and take it further but I might get them from the library rather than buying them. I just wish some of the characters could have been a bit more likeable. But it is what it is. The characters in Star Wars were quite wooden too. I wish they hadn' cancelled the Secret Circle though.
-1 I'm trying to decide how many stars to give this book. Yes, it is poor in laces but in others it is ok and I was drawn into the story and the world. Probably two and a half but I'll have a think.
-1 This is a really sweet book. \n I wasn't sure that I would get on with it - I don't find werewolves appealing in the slightest (Team Vamp all the way - apart from Oz in Buffy the Vampire Slayer) but it was much better than I thought. People have compared this book unfavourably to Twilight - I'm not going to do that, I'm going to take it as an individual story. That said, Grace is a much more likeable character than Bella and Sam a much less creepy version of Edward. \n For what it is, it is a pleasant enough read - it is a paranormal romance for young teens and you have to take it at that value - this is why the emo poetry thing works even though the song lyrics seem pretty disjointed. \n I liked that the wolves changed because of the weather rather than any primal need - this was a nice touch. \n At times the book just seemed to be waiting for something to happen - eg we went to school, we chilled in my room all week until xyz happened, but these bits went by quickly but did give the impression that they were leading a boring adult life rather than the teenage passion that they were supposed to be experiencing. That said it was a relief for the relationship not to be primal a la other paranormal romance books, it was loving, safe and sweet, and I really got the impression that they adored each other on a pure level. \n So, overall, a nice and sweet story. Nothing stunning but certainly not as bad as some reviewers might have you believe! I'd like to read the next books to see where the story go.
-1 I honestly don't know what to say about this. Given everything I've heard about these books I thought that they would be right up my street. Maybe because I read it during my commute in the morning whilst trying not to fall asleep didn't do it justice. \n There were clearly bits that were ironic and mildly amusing, even though they didn't really bring a grin to myself. In some places it seemed too clever. Maybe there have been authors that have taken on this style and developed it, which is maybe why I found it so.... odd. \n And I've got to admit, I just didn't understand it. Was there a storyline? Was it just a series of events? Is this what it was supposed to be? If it was, fair enough, but I still found it very hard to follow. \n I will probably read a couple more in the series to qualify my view, but perhaps it just isn't my cup of tea, which would be a shame!
-1 3.5 Stars. \n Holland O'Dell is an algorithms expert who's hired in the only suitable position (for a woman) at her dream company Cody Tech: in sales. It's disheartening, but Holland's a fighter. She survived three foster homes after being abandoned shortly after birth and has cobbled together a small nucleus of friends that she considers family. She's also got a great idea for restructuring one of Cody Tech's earliest device designs, and an in with a contact at Major League Baseball. Id she can refine and sell the product, she might garner enough support to get hired into her dream position in project development. \n Oliver \"Hale\" Cody is a young man adrift. He'd struggled with his posh life for just over a year, and went on an adventure to \"find himself\" when he thought the need for him at his own company was overblown. Cody Tech was started by his father, and everyone assumed he'd just take the reins once he finished schooling, but Oliver didn't feel like he'd earned his position as CEO. While on his journey towards himself, Oliver's parents were killed in a car wreck, and Oliver's idyll was at an end. The truth of his adoption was revealed by the attorneys of the estate, and Oliver's reeling from a sense of complete loss. Who was his true family? Not only didn't he know this big secret about himself, how could he trust his parents' decisions? His shenanigans and drunken rages have destabilized the company, and caused a major shake-up. While Oliver is mostly too distraught to care, he notices a woman, Holland, working late at the company, and admires how she doesn't take his crap. Seeing that she's working on a product he'd developed with his dad, he's intrigued, and wants to help her fine-tune it. \n Through his repeated attempts at connecting with Holland, Oliver learns a lot about himself and his company. He learns about her childhood and feels a kinship for lost familial connections. He learns his company has a long way to go to overcome the ingrained misogyny and sexism. His attraction to Holland is a welcome advent into his broken emotional state, and Holland returns his interest-until she learns he's the CEO. By then, however, they've already gotten physical, and hooked MLB for the project Holland developed and Oliver tweaked. \n Then, there's drama. It's all really rational and reasonable: Holland not wanting people to believe she climbed the corporate ladder using sex with Oliver, not her creativity and hard work. Oh, and there's a couple break ups/make ups that cause each of them to really consider the meaning of family, and merit-based rewards, and feminism, and equality. I don't want to give too much away, but the plot has a few turns I wasn't expecting. That said, I think I mostly didn't expect them because they were 99.9% unlikely to happen anywhere in real life, and I'm not an unrealistic person when reading realistic fiction. So, yeah, I kind of rolled my eyes on those things, and kept reading on anyway. The relationship-building between Oliver and Holland is hard work, they are young people for all their career accomplishments: both 26. Yeah, that was unrealistic, too. And, Oliver came off as sullen and spoiled for a good part of the book. Granted, I liked when he was happy, but a lot of the time he felt whiny to me. I liked Holland a lot, and wanted to assure her-like her good friends did-that she didn't have to be so very independent. It's really not how the corporate world works, but I could appreciate that level of naivete because of her age. \n There's a happy ending for all, and some steamy bits, too. It's not a terribly long book, and will likely appeal to people who enjoy romances featuring smart-pants gals and a CEO that's not too pushy. I received a review copy via NetGalley.
-1 I struggled to like this book because I felt it was filled with too much melodrama and stereotypes. \n Snotty, Queen Bee, Cheerleader: CHECK \n All-American Football player: CHECK \n Pregnancy for virgin on first sexual experience: CHECK \n Ultra-mean girls: CHECK \n Best-friend betrayals: DOUBLE CHECK \n Bad boy with a secret heart of gold: CHECK \n Self-sacrificing indulgent mother: CHECK \n Teen with NO SKILLS deciding she must raise her fatherless child: CHECK \n Every kind of tragedy: CHECK \n Single teen with no possible way of caring for herself DETERMINED to raise her fatherless baby: CHECK \n I wanted to love the story. I liked the writing a LOT, really, but I was almost concussed with all the tragedy that befell Andie in the nine months following that positive pregnancy test. I think the only bad thing that didn't happen was a miscarriage. The whole book is a push to get Andie to give up her unborn child for adoption, and it seemed she'd only do this if her only other option was living on the streets with her unexpected bundle. \n Lookit, I've a lot of experience with unwed mothers. Andie seemed especially naive, and surrounded by people who were inexplicably willing to sacrifice everything to assist her. That's all well and good, but the plot was really too convoluted for me. Was the message: Adoption is a great option? It didn't seem like it, the way Andie dithered over the decision. More like: Adoption is the absolute last resort which is a disservice. I've known people who gained children and gave children for adoption. It often works fantastically. As the author identifies herself as an adopted child, I was surprised at how grimly, and cavalierly, her character considered the prospect. \n And, there was a romance. It was kinda saccharine. I've known guys who do what Neil did: offer to be a father to another man's baby. That he was willing to up-end his whole life for a destitute girl he fell for a decade before was over-the-top sentimental. The other plot twists and plummeting drops didn't work for me, but they may for other readers. On the whole I felt it went from melodrama to melodrama, and bordered on absurd levels of tragedy. \n I received this book via NetGalley for review.
-1 This is a bittersweet menage M/M/M story that explores a disintegrating marriage, and the reasons behind the collapse. It has a happy ending. \n 3.5 stars. \n Cam and Theo are a married couple. They've been together 17 years--since college--and just over four years ago met Nate, singer in an up-and-coming band. They were up for some fun, and it worked so well, that Nate joined them, permanently. \n Well...the book opens with Nate ecstatic for one of his rendezvous nights on the road with his sexy boyfriends, only to find Cam waiting for him. Because Theo is moving out of their house back in LA. Nate's blindsided and hurt, and Cam's a mess. They make love, but it's bittersweet. \n Rinse and repeat that a few times. Sometimes Theo comes, sometimes Cam comes, see--while they can't live together, neither wants to lose Nate. It's a bad situation. \n What Nate learns, as he strives to get his men back together is that Theo's been suffering depression for a long time. And, Cam's been struggling with borderline-OCD and panic attacks for a long time, and neither noticed the other's problems because they were too wrapped in their own mental illness. \n There is a lot of bitter in this book. There are also points of extreme sweetness. As a person who's suffered depression, I felt it was more bitter than sweet. As a person who's weathered rough patches in a long marriage, it was raw to experience echoes of similar distance in the characters on the page. \n It ends with a very reasonable and relatable and realistic reunion. That was really satisfying, but I still had a LOT of angst--some on the page, some of my own baggage--to heft before I got to the good parts. Those good parts coming at the very end of the book. \n Poly romances are often hard to relate to, but it's not hard to relate to the unraveling of love. Nate was such a dear, really stoking the fires to get Cam and Theo to reconcile, but his efforts were in the wrong place, because only the people breaking up can do the making up--as Theo and Cam realized. \n The mental illness issues were carefully described, and felt very real--especially the depression as I have first-hand experience with that. I liked how the solution was never complacent, not: \"we'll get over it.\" Once Cam and Theo claimed their issues, they got productive help managing their emotional state. Part of their delay seeking counseling was fear that any marriage counselors would tell them they needed to cut Nate loose. I could relate with that fear, as poly relationships are not given the same weight as marriage, and that prejudice proved a hindrance to their health. Still, there were several lights at the end of the tunnel, and the end proved to be both happy and sexy. \n In all, it worked for me. I just wished it had been a little more upbeat. I received a review copy via NetGalley.
-1 It took me a few tries to complete reading this book. That I continued to go back says a lot about what I thought of the story. I didn't realize, until the end notes, that this is a re-telling of the Dickens's classic A TALE OF TWO CITIES, not that it mattered at all to me. I've not read that book and it may have helped me get through this one faster, but I doubt it. \n Lucie lives in a divided city--New York City, in some futurescape where magic reigns and those who practice Light magic live in beautiful, wondrous Manhattan, while those who practice Dark magic are relegated to the Dark city. My relations in Brooklyn would not be impressed that their property would house the most despised denizens of this magical realm. Lucie was born in the Dark city to parents of Light magic. It's a rarity, and she escaped by the help of her aunt. Lucie helped her father escape magical persecution, and became known as the Golden Thread in the Dark, for all her efforts to bring attention to the suffering there. She, or rather her persona, is a rallying point for the growing revolution in the Dark city. \n Lucie is dating Ethan Stryker, nephew of the most powerful man in Light city. They have a physical relationship, but Lucie hides all her Dark secrets from Ethan. For him, and all, she is the perfect young woman. Agreeable, pleasant, undemanding, barely noticeable; she lives in constant dread of Ethan's uncle rescinding her ability to stay in Light city, and condemning her and her father to Dark exile. Ethan seems captivated by Lucie, in love with her, but she doesn't trust this, due to her own issues of trust. Ethan also has a dark secret, one we learn in the very beginning; he has a doppelganger, Carwyn, the product of Dark magic performed when he was a baby to save Ethan's life. Dopplegangers are forbidden magic, and the Stykers hid Carwyn in the Dark city hoping he'd die before he was discovered. Not so. \n Ethan's life is nearly forfeit when Carwyn steps in. Lucie doesn't know how to handle it, but she also knows she can't abide Carwyn being abused, as he's been all his life, for being a doppleganger. Her magic is strong enough to alter Carwyn so he isn't immediately pegged as a doppleganger...and that's the beginning of the end, in many ways. \n I wasn't terribly impressed with the story, mostly because bloody rebellions are not my thing. Expect the revolution to come, and expect Lucie to get swept in despite her best attempts to do nothing, not be seen, and keep her family safe. The last item is pretty much the only redeeming quality Lucie possesses: deep family loyalty. She lies at every turn, hides her use of illegal magic, sends Ethan into a situation he can't possibly escape, and sets Carwyn free to wreak havoc as he sees fit. #MoveAlong #NothingToSeeHere *magic fingers* \n There's a *bit* of a love triangle, but not really, for me. I didn't sense a strong attachment in either direction for Lucie, for much of the book, and Carwyn played things way too close to the vest for me to see anything but teasing. When his big reveal came I suppose I had a better understanding of him, but it only magnified the melancholy. I often wondered at the direction the story was taking, sure that I'd missed some key piece of information that would help it make better sense, but I didn't. I suspected Lucie's aunt to be exactly who she was, and had no real understanding their manners to each other after their tumultuous reunion. Lucie hides so much of herself I got lost in her head, and that wasn't good because she's impetuous and secretive at the same time. \n I imagine the end follows closely to that of the Dickens tale, but it was an absolute downer for me, as a reader. Just when I thought the day might be won, well, nope. So, don't expect a happy ending. I also had more terror over the possibility that this book might continue into a sequel, than regarding the peril in which the characters were mired. For those who abhor a cliffhanger ending, I'm happy to report: it's a self-contained story. I received a review copy of this book via NetGalley.
-1 This is a book about a school shooting in progress perpetrated by one disenfranchised student. It is graphic. The body count is high. \n Tyler and Autumn are siblings. The book spans one day, one morning, when Tyler locks the student body in the auditorium and begins shooting, with purpose, those kids and teachers he believes wronged him. It also marks the second anniversary of the death of Autumn and Tyler's mother. She had been a prima ballerina, and died in a car wreck while driving to pick Autumn up from dance class. Since then their father has become an abusive drunk, mostly abusing Autumn, but sometimes Tyler when he stood up for his sister. \n Autumn is a lesbian, in a relationship with Sylvia, a senior at the high school. Tyler has tried, unsuccessfully, forcefully, to break them up. His problems with Sylvia led to the end of his two-year relationship with Claire, and also cost him a few beatings from Sylvia's twin brother Tomas. Tyler was alternately described as a bully and a weakling. It was hard to ascertain his true character--outside of this maniacal spree. He quit school the spring before, and is today returning as a student. Well, that was his ruse. In the intervening six months, Autumn has hardly seen her brother, but he returned over Christmas break to goad their father into beating Autumn for dancing against his wishes. \n Here's the thing, there's a lot of tension in the book, but it's all...terror, with little resonance. I had issues with some of the interactions, some of the thoughts. I am sure that kids in the crowd would be praying or in shock or wishing, hoping, for rescue, and some of that occurs, but there were definitely scenes that made little sense--like Tomas hoping that the cheerleader notices he comes to her rescue... Um? Get the F*** out. Ask her to prom next week, k? \n As for the rescue, I was a bit stumped. If Tyler's so enthralled with Autumn's distraction, why does no one rush him--as hundreds of kids escape. I don't know. There were so many logical disconnects for me with this one. The awkward \"jokes\" the deliquents-cum-heroes tried to crack to each other. The convenience of five track runners training outside while the entire school sits in a mandatory assembly. The unrealistic physical layout of the school that would leave everyone trapped in an auditorium wing. It's a five year old building--I'm fairly certain that building codes would have dictated half a dozen fire exits with doors that cannot be locked to keep students in--only alarmed to alert egress. Classroom windows that lead to a roof? But, I digress. \n There was a token attempt at diversity. Lesbian couple. Mexican-American farm kids. Black kids. The thing is, we barely knew anyone and then they were dying. I can find it sad, and a terrible waste, but it's hard to sympathize. To empathize. To mourn. The language was stilted and read a bit like an object lesson: don't ignore the signs of abuse, or else! There was little scratching of the surface of Tyler and Autumn's family tragedy, and continuing abuse. Both of these kids have \"loving\" partners who stand by and do nothing. Tyler assaults Sylvia. She does nothing. The kids in the auditorium...do nothing. \n At the end of the day, I'm not a fan of tragedy porn. I don't look up stories on mass shootings. I raise my voice against the availability of guns and wish that we could change the powers that be so we can limit access and limit death. I know that my voice goes unheard because the laws do not change, and yet I still object. This book didn't seem to capture the emotional horror of a school shooting. There was too much happening, and little of it relevant. Few of the principals were present enough to be relatable and the end message was: Bad kid does bad things. That's too superficial, sorry, for a book where nearly forty kids and teachers are killed and nearly thirty more injured by one of their own. The Epilogue was preachy and ill-conceived. One student organizing a memorial rally via text? We've all seen the vigils on TV. They don't just \"happen.\" \n I felt that the book was short on heart and long on melodrama, which is unfortunate. A subject matter this severe should have been given more gravity. I received a review copy of this book via NetGalley.
-1 1.5 Stars for this contemporary teen story. \n Honestly, I had a lot of trouble with this book, and considered stopping several times. I didn't, because, at some point, I (in my Pollyanna-ness) had hoped that the characters would be better, do better, learn something. I was disappointed that this was not the case. \n Mollie, Alex and Veronica are three rich girls at an elite private girls' school outside Philly. They are supposed best friends, but the high-level competition they have with each other to be the \"best\" best friend is more frenemies, than besties. \n They worry about who is closer to whom. Then, they sabotage each other. It's a masochistic spiral. \n Alex is a virgin, unwillingly, and beginning to branch out into music, joining a band with some local public school kids. Her self-esteem is non-existent and she can't fathom how to approach her best guy friend, Drew, about her hopeless crush on him. She also begins a low pressure acquaintance with one of her band mates. \n Alex and Mollie have been best friends since kindergarten, but Mollie's always more interested in her food intake and her boyfriend, Sam, who is as big an asshat as a guy can be. Having a teen son, I know that some guys DO act this way, all sexual manipulation and self-gratification, and I was continually frustrated with Mollie's acquiescence into Sam's sex games. \n Veronica joined the Alex/Mollie two-some in fifth grade. She's rich and alone, with a father who works/lives on the Pacific Rim and a mother who's constantly hanging with, taking vacations with, her trainer/lover. She has a giant house in which she spends all her time alone, unless she's throwing a party or some dude shows up for a random hook-up. When Alex mentions Drew's interest in her, she tries (and fails) to have a good positive relationship with a guy. They do have a relationship but Veronica is clueless as to what it entails. Mostly, it doesn't entail having sex with other guys--especially not ones dating her friends... \n The book is rife with sex (some unprotected), drug use, alcohol abuse and self-destructive behavior. There are two families depicted: Alex's with her concerned mother, absent father and cute brother (seriously the best character in the book!); and Drew's with his doting mother, young sisters and alcoholic father. Mollie's fam is uptight & Catholic and yet, inexplicably, has NO presence in her life (or this book), while Veronica's is utterly neglectful and absentee to a criminal degree. \n The girls are young and dumb, jealous and bitter at the beginning, and they are even more so at the end. I had hoped, at any point that they would make better choices. Alex's really hadn't been THAT egregious until prom rolled around, and any pseudo-sympathy/connection I had developed for her character was rather blanked out. Going along with Mollie's crazytrain instead of BEING HONEST WITH VERONICA AND DREW was a deal breaker for me. Yeah, she sort of recovered, but my respect was lost, and I had had precious little to begin with... \n I honestly can't believe this is a teen book. It's road map of THE ABSOLUTE WRONG WAY to do everything in a relationship/friendship, and I have a hard time believing teens will connect with the characters or scenarios. The only reason this got 1.5 stars instead of 1 was because the writing was clean and clear. I received a review copy of this book via NetGalley.
-1 This review was written for Joyfully Jay Reviews. \n 4.25 Stars for this contemporary M/M shifter romance. \n Tristan \"Trip\" Hagan is an out gay male in his tiny husky shifter community. He would have ordinarily been shunned, but he's the eldest male offspring to the Alpha of his clan. He has a bright, sensitive son, Robbie, who is the next heir to the clan Alpha as Trip is not eligible and Trip's younger brother is unable to produce any pups. Trip had bowed to his father's insistence to marry, despite knowing he was gay, but divorced his wife when he learned that she had a true mate within their clan. Trip may be willing to sacrifice his own happiness for clan loyalty, but he won't ask anyone else to do so. Trip also has a true mate, Boone, his half-wolf/half-husky Enforcer guard. Unfortunately, a mating between a pureblood (Trip) and a half-breed (Boone) is forbidden under clan law. So the men are close confidantes, but never take the next step--sealing their love by making a mating bond. \n The story is short but well-rounded with interesting secondary characters. Boone and his brother Hunter are both in love with men they cannot have. Being half-breeds, they are a target for scorn and abuse, despite their valiant hearts. There are also some juicy bits of humor to balance out the heartache. The spiders that were too big for the burly huskie shifters to tackle? I died. \n Within the story is a threat from outside the clan. Trip's father is negotiating an alliance with the nearby wolf pack whose Alpha, Kristoff Trevyn, is indisputably attracted to Trip. Yep. Which is all kinds of awkward, especially as Trip's dad is a raging homophobe. I really admired Kristoff; he is kind and compassionate and drives Boone bonkers. \n Robbie recognizes that Trip and Boone are meant for each other, and does try to orchestrate events to cultivate that. All of Trip's close comrades do, in fact. When the personal scrutiny of Trip and Boone gets too intense, there are only two choices: inter-clan battle, or separation. The resolution is almost excellent. The only problem becomes the main crux of the heartache that kicks off the sequel. \n Note: This story was written as a part of the M/M Romance Group's \"Love Has No Boundaries\" event and is available for free through that group or All Romance eBooks.
-1 2.5 stars for this YA fantasy. Some spoilers ahead. \n The blurb indicates this is Quin's story, but the POV is actually that of four teen-ish characters: Quin, John, Shinobu and Maud. Quin, John and Shinobu are all training to be Seekers, while Maud is a Dread. In this world are some futuristic weapons and old artifacts, most importantly the athame, a stone dagger which directs navigation through space. \n The apprentice Seekers are told their role is to be defenders of humanity, but this is not the case under the current trainer: Briac, Quin's father. Briac is a mercenary who uses his power to kill for pay. John already knows this--Briac had attacked his own mother years ago and stolen his family's athame. It is John's sworn duty to get it back. \n Briac holds John apart in the training, however, neglecting to complete it. John is banished, and urges Quin to run away with him, as they are a clandestine couple. Quin won't; she believes in her noble purpose as a Seeker and is elated to proceed and learn to work the athame, as is Shinobu--until they discover they will be compelled into murder-for-hire. There's a whole lotta angst, what with being an assassin at age 15... \n Maud is a different creature than a Seeker. As a Dread she is to oversee the Seekers, and make sure they use the athame for the good of humankind. She had been trained (for centuries) by her master, but he is resting between planes and his apprentice is overseeing her--with extreme brutality. She can help the fledgling Seekers, but isn't sure if she should. \n John returns to claim his athame, leaving Quin's home and family in tatters and bleeding. The rest of the book is a chase through the space of their world for John to regain his athame, Quin to lose-then-regain her memories, Shinobu to become an opium addict then redeem himself, sorta, and Maud is finally able to make the proper choices to right the wrongs which occurred while her master slept. \n In truth, I have a low threshold for liking fantasy, but this was a convoluted book. Many times I stopped to read something else, and I can't say--even after finishing--that I'm glad I completed it. The threads of this book were woven too loosely for me to see the tapestry. Too many breadcrumbs leading toward later parts with no real cohesiveness. The end was cliffhangery, with a resolution that left the remaining players in pursuit of each other, which was frustrating after such a long read. I know there's a sequel planned, but I'm not sure I'll pick it up. There was nothing wrong with the writing, but the story never grabbed me. There was no trust between people who should have developed a rapport; every character was some awful shade of bad. Parents lie to their kids, knowing it will do them harm, because of a sworn oath? I call BS on that. Sorry. No oath is going to force me to make my kid a murderer. Not one of the adults in his story had one scrap of decency. And, the kids? Quin and Shinobu fall apart. John's the only one with a backbone, and I'm still not sure if he's capable of doing the right thing. \n It's just my opinion, but this book was more hype than story, for me. I received a copy of this book via NetGalley.
-1 Jess and Dimitri suffered horrific abuse in their youth. Jess blames her foster father, while Dimitri blames Hendrix--his stepfather. The difference? Jess manages, and Dimitri doesn't. \n He kidnaps Jess from Hendrix's ship, sure that Hendrix will come after her and the showdown will ensue, but Dimitri isn't satisfied--in the least. He has to keep Jess near him at all times, fearing she'll escape, and this puts a serious cramp in Dimitri's smexytimes with his cadre of gals. Jess is attractive to Dimitri, but she's not the whore he took her for. \n See, Jess hasn't willingly given herself to a man, ever. She didn't think she'd ever want to, not after Roger ruined her, but something about the sheer masculinity of Dimitri calls to her. She can see he's been broken before--the way he won't let people touch him is a sign with which she can empathize--and she wants to help him get over his hatred of Hendrix. After all, Hendrix is like the father Jess never had. He protected her when she was alone and floundering and Jess has a strong kinship to him. \n I'll admit, I thought this would be a Regency romance, with swashbuckling and high seas raiding. It's not. It's kinda FIGHT CLUB meets 50 SHADES with boats thrown in. I liked the slow build of the affection between Dimitri and Jess, and also her steadfast loyalty to Hendrix. Jess' relentless pursuit of understanding gets Dimitri out of revenge mode, but it's a hard battle. It's a fun read with a dash of drama and a double kidnapping that turns a meek gal into a hellcat cage fighter. Well, for a short while anyway. Decent heat, with flawed, yet likable, characters.
-1 I received a copy of this book via Goodreads' Don't Buy My Love program in exchange for an honest review. \n Kane is a strong lead. He's a gay wolf shifter who has stuck out on his won after being run out of his pack by his father, the Alpha, for being gay. Being an Alpha wolf is something one is \"born to\" and Kane becomes the Alpha of a pack of five gay shifters--one being his long-time friend Griff. They all work together in an auto/motorcycle restoration business small western town, called Cloverleah. \n One day Kane pops into the local diner and is overwhelmed with the scent of another wolf. One that sends his libido racing. Kane had long been told that gay wolves had not \"true mates\" but his body disagrees. Meeting Shawn, Kane senses something different--beside the fact that Shawn clearly wants to bolt. \n Unwilling to let Shawn run in fear, Kane gets his packmates to visit Shawn at work, to let him know they are harmless to him. They may be, but Shawn's father isn't. He's sent hunters after Shawn for the past decade. See, Shawn's a wolf--but he's also MORE. A Shifter Guardian who holds a crapload of magical powers. The hunters shoot Shawn and Kane's the one who can reach into the magical haze and pull out the spelled slugs. \n The two men claim each other as mates leading to a \"war\" between packs. We get interference from Kane's home pack--and resolution of old grudges and alliances newly forged. \n What I liked: \n Kane and Shawn are both strong leads. They are interesting and compassionate. Supporting characters play important roles and have their own mini-arcs in the story. The story is interesting, if a bit verbose. \n What I didn't like: \n The instalove was too INSTA. We barely met Kane and he was obsessed with an unknown party. \n The complete lack of \"American\" diction in this \"American\" tale. Lookit, I'M AMERICAN. AND YET I LOVE BRITISH BOOKS. Do not write in British slang and slap in a couple of city names like Denver and San Antonio and expect this to be translatable. IT IS NOT. The characters sound like \"blokes\" I'd find in Liver-freaking-pool, not the American West. There is a cadence and syntax specific to idiom and colloquial speech. Men in America do not sound like the men in this book--not even the gay men. Sorry. \n The book needs a complete line edit. There are multiple mistakes per page with regard to spelling, word choice, grammar and punctuation. It is a travesty and demonstrates to me, an avid and voracious reader, that the author has little respect for my comfort or enjoyment. Because, frankly, it is painful to have to continually mentally exchange the proper word, or intimate the intended meaning from a poorly punctuated statement. It tells me the writer is a poor editor and needs to shell out some cash to someone competent in this enterprise. Also, if the book is to be set in America, I would suggest finding a US editor--one who could assist in removing any and all Briti-cisms from the text.
-1 Second Star is billed as a modern retelling of Peter Pan. I think this is why the book falls a bit short in terms of expectations. \n I didn't expect the Disney version--but what I read wasn't what I expected either. \n Wendy Darling is a straight-laced, straight-A gal who has just graduated high school. Her family is wealthy and she's due to enter Stanford in the fall. The only problem in Wendy's fairytale life is the absence of her younger brothers, Michael and John. The boys were twins, and surfing addicts who often took off for a day or two at a time to chase the gnarly waves. \n Well, nine months ago they disappeared without a trace. Then, in January remnants of their surfboards were discovered washed up at a dangerous surf beach called Witch Tree. Her parents have been in a fog since, barely eating, working or interacting since their devastating loss. \n While out at graduation beach bonfire, Wendy sees a lone surfer in the water and wades out to find him--nearly drowning herself. The unknown surfer brings her to shore, and Wendy makes an instant connection. In the days following she drives along the coast to track down her rescuer. \n Turns out Pete isn't too hard to find. And Wendy just knows he knows something about John and Michael, despite his protests. Soon she joins Pete's group of homeless surf dudes. Belle isn't too happy with this arrangement as it seems Pete's romantically interested in Wendy. They co-habitate for a bit of time, all the while Wendy learns to surf and befriends the others in the group, but a giant complication surfaces and Wendy leaves. She stops at a neighboring squatter-site meeting Pete's rival Jas. \n Jas is a surfer, with a side business in fairy dust sales. In order to get close to Jas and inquire about her missing (possibly dead) brothers, Wendy accepts a hit of the dust. She's high for days and comes to consciousness on her friend's door step. Days go by and Jas comes to visit--promising to help her find her brothers. \n Wendy leaves and travels to Witch Tree, where there are some giant revelations regarding her brothers, fairy dust, Jas, Pete and even Belle. Wendy is injured, and when she awakes from a coma it seems that the story has taken a whole different (and not very satisfying) direction. \n I had actually liked the story until the last bit--but in the end I felt I had been duped, and not in a good way. The last three pages notwithstanding, the ending didn't satisfy. \n There's a lot of grief, and little resolution, in my opinion. I didn't like the way Wendy's parents and closest friends treated her. They were either completely absent or completely smothering. \n I received a copy of this book via NetGalley for review.
-1 I received an ARC of this book via NetGalley. \n I've posted at some length about parts 1-3 of this serial. Major complaints included implausibility of a gal from Bakersfield starting over in Philly, but that aside this erotic serial continues to escalate the heat. \n Each new section brings a new level of tension and a bigger, erm, BANG-4-the-buck. \n To recap, Jessica is a twenty-something girl whose lover, Storm, recently dumped her. She travels from Cali to Pennsylvania to take a job as personal assistant to Dane Ranier. She and Dane had a one night stand prior to her hiring--though Jessica didn't know who he was at the time. Still, the attraction between Dane and Jessica simmers. Soon the are enjoying all the perks of a private office... \n Oh, and there's some light Dom/sub elements. \n Things are going fine until...Storm returns. And his actual name is...yeah, well, he and Dane go way back. \n Jessica's head is all messed up. Desiring both Dane and Storm, she flip flops between them but they decide maybe she shouldn't have to choose. Maybe she should have them both. Sometimes simultaneously... \n It's a freaky-deaky soiree but in the end Jessica is more suited to one of her Doms. And that leaves us with one sticky goodbye. \n I struggled with the language which felt stilted in spots. The whole threesome dynamic was a surprise. The erotic heat continued to rise, but I didn't really feel connected with these characters, so the payoff wasn't super high, for me. In the end I enjoyed the book more as a whole, than I had in pieces. It's a quick read.
-1 Grey Amundsen is a stripper. She hasn't always been one, however. Two years ago she was the beloved only daughter of a Baptist preacher. He was (irrationally) strict however, and when her mother dies of brain cancer Grey won't pay by his rules. She wants to be a filmmaker--and her dad is sure LA is a Den of Iniquity. \n So she leaves without his blessing and without his financial support. Bereft, and recently scholarship-less, despite her fantastic grades, Grey turns to the only job she can take that will support her academic and living costs--stripping. She's a natural, due to her talent for dance, and excepting her absolute lack of seduction skillz. Grey's never had a boyfriend, and she still possesses her unpunched V-card. \n One night her club is rented out by Dawson Kellor, a super mega film star, and there is a moment of connection between them. The next day Grey learns that her new internship is to be an assistant to...Dawson Kellor. \n Afraid her stripper activities will jeopardize her internship, Grey tries to swap projects. But Dawson won't let her go. He's attracted, and can't figure out why Grey doesn't flop at his feet...like pretty much any other woman. Through a few fits and starts, Dawson becomes Grey's sugardaddy--against her wishes. \n He has this sense that he needs to protect her, and they develop a bond, confessing the horrors of their lives. She soon warms to him. Considerably. There are no euphemisms spared in their sweaty monkeyloving. \n After this, Grey runs home--Dawson the stealth stalker in tow--and reconnects with her dad. Things are pretty much worked out after that. About 2/3 of the way through the story. There's a later complication when people learn that Grey had been a stripper, but this is handled rather quickly. The final bits of the book wrap up without much strife and with considerable sex--so, if you're into hot scenes for the sake of hot scenes, you are in luck here. \n I really liked Grey's character. I've know girls like her in my own life--and thought her desire to remain pure was admirable. \n I kinda felt the relationship with Dawson was rushed. And his stalker-self bordered on creepy, at times. That he could dispatch a potential rapist with no repercussion seemed...extreme. Likewise, I felt the timeframe of the book's end was unrealistic. Movies aren't filmed, edited, released and put on the Academy Awards all within 12 months. So that was kinda off, for me. \n I've read three of Jasinda's books now, and this is my least fave, but it was still a good read. If you're looking for smut-love, you could seriously do worse than the second half of this book.
-1 This book was made available to me via NetGalley for the purpose of a blog tour. \n So. To preface this review...I am a scientist. Have been a scientist for 20 years, now. This book is a Christian speculative fic/Sci-fi YA novel. It is written for an audience that reads Christian fiction. It is probably the most anti-science novel I have read, though I do not read much Christian fiction these days. \n The main character, Thalli, is a genetically-engineered roughly 18 y/o female who is the musician of her clone group. Thalli is an anomaly because she has feelings. The Scientists who oversee the underground facility where this civilization exists have expressly designed the clones to lack emotion. \n Throughout life Thalli has seen her fellow podmates annihilated for being anomalies. And, still she is unable to hide her emotions, particularly when she plays music. Playing a piece of sacred music written before the nuclear war that destroyed the surface world, Thalli breaks down crying and is collected for annihilation. Just when she is going to die, she is spared by the intervention of her long-time friend, and aspiring Scientist, Berk. See, the big thing is there's not a lot of air and resources underground, so any reason to eliminate a person is, well, lets just say that a major theme in this story is how the Scientists are calculated, emotionless killers with no moral compass. \n While awaiting her destruction, Thalli is a labrat, subject to the neural experiments of Berk and his colleagues. She meets John, an elderly, natural-born human who is the father of one of the Scientists. John is a devout Christian and shares his love of the Designer (God) with those who are slated for annihilation. He discusses emotions, and love, and prayer and other foreign concepts with Thalli, and eventually with Berk, both of whom begin to accept some level of faith in the Designer. \n Thalli thinks she is going to go live on the surface, as part of the neural manipulations, but Berk conspires to keep Thalli with him, sure that the surface world is still toxic. They develop an affectionate bond, though Thalli endeavors to nip this, saving Berk from problems with the Scientists. \n We learn that Thalli has been thoroughly manipulated. She was never out of harms way, and Berk loses his cool. He comes up with some really far-fetched plan to use Thalli and her friend Rhen to enter a computer simulation that would--somehow--result in solving the oxygen problem. \n This all goes better than expected, and the Scientists are happy, but Thalli, Rhen and Berk are sentenced to annihilation. Then, because there wasn't enough God in the story, we have a Deus ex machina ending. \n As a novel, the word choice is elementary--key to demonstrating Thalli's innocence and naivete--and it is well-edited. From a critical eye, the storyline is hard to digest and lacks plausibility. But, as a good deal of it is rote Christian dogma, it seems as though it was designed to be accepted on faith. The terminology used throughout supports the Intelligent Design verbiage, with extensive scripture revelation and Designer appellation for God. With the exception of Berk, the Scientists are amoral, lying, manipulative villains. It's rather hard for a compassionate scientist (like myself) to really recommend this book--I feel like we already get enough bad press--but fans of Christian fiction will probably enjoy it.
-1 This book is currently on a blog tour, of which I am not a participant; I got a free reviewer's copy through NetGalley. The premise sounded interesting, and I'm always down for a New Adult romance, but the story here didn't grab me. ***This review contains some spoilers*** \n Background: Sydney's a survivor of a car accident that killed three people--her drunk, at-fault boyfriend, and a mother and her young child. Sydney hardly drinks and acts as the DD for her friends now. Oh, and she's still underage for alcohol. \n While at school, Sydney struggles with the binge drinking she witnesses around her. She seeks to intervene to help kids not over-indulge--with mixed results. Secretly she pines for Evan, her roommate Melanie's boyfriend. \n It's not so clear that Evan and Melanie are in trouble, romance-wise. And Sydney does nothing overt to damage their relationship. She and Evan are friends. They do some friend-type stuff: hanging out, studying for a mutual class. It is Evan who makes a move on Sydney. And she shuts him down, because Friend Code, and all that. Good girl. I don't want to hate you. \n The same night Evan puts the move on, Melanie dies from alcohol poisoning. Now Evan is free, but grieving, and Sydney blames herself for not stepping in the path of Melanie's self-destructive alcohol issues. I can buy that. \n Later that summer Sydney and Evan reunite. They behave as friends though Sydney wants more. And she eventually gets the whole Evan-chilada. The smexytimes are a bit overdone to me. Here's why: throughout this story I felt Sydney read very teen-angsty and immature. She's kinda petty, and jealous, and well, apart from the \"DD-Be-Alcohol-Responsible\" stuff she felt rather juvenile. Some people are adult-y in grade school. Sydney felt kiddie, despite being twenty y/o, thus the graphic sex gave me an awkward vibe. \n Then school starts again. That this tale was swimming into dark waters wasn't subtle--more fore-bludgeoning than foreshadowing--and we have Melanie's Doppleganger appear on campus. Why is Sydney worried? She's got her man. And the Look-a-like is Melanie's younger sister. Do guys really want to date their dead ex-girfriend's younger sister? I struggled with the logic. But it reinforced my feeling that Sydney is too immature to move forward with an adult relationship. \n Sydney's BIGGEST problem isn't a boyfriend's potentially-wandering eye, it's how to develop the skills to cope with disappointment--sans alcohol. The very second she catches Evan in a lie what does Sydney do? Pound two cocktails and vomit in the bushes. Yeah. Great job being a mature adult, Syd. \n The ending consists of a melodramatic twist that does a disservice to the story. A fatality occurs and the plot value of it was nil, IMHO. It felt so unnecessary. What lesson did Sydney learn anyway? Don't drive while consumed by jealousy? Meh. Not big enough to justify the death--and if it was designed to create plot problems for a sequel, well, I don't like the characters nearly enough to hitch along for that ride. \n I want to recommend the book to younger readers so they can learn how absolutely stupid it is to binge on alcohol--but I can't because the smexytimes are icky-sticky for younger readers. Some New Adult-ers might relate with Sydney, but mostly I shook my head.
-1 I wish I could say this was the book that would make me die anticipating the next, but it isn't. Right now I'm rather glad I got it cheap. Even for urban fantasy it's plot was implausible, and the love triangle wasn't erotic, it was yucky. I'm of only one mind here---if a fourteen y/o is going to have sex in this series, it better damn well happen with another child--not a full-out man. \n I think I'll check out Burned when it's on the shelves...of my library.
-1 Sigh. I so wanted to enjoy this. Sadly, there's not a single thing I liked about it. I found it so dull and bland. I didn't see any of the spark that animates Green's other work. Aza has exactly one personality trait, her anxiety, and none of the other characters manage to have even a single dimension. The plot is just as anemic as the characterizations. Almost nothing happens in this book, which might be fine if it had multi-dimensional characters and/or good prose, but it doesn't. \n In the past I have found Green a deft writer of both drama and comedy. Here, I was never entertained, amused, or moved at any point. I was only bored or mildly annoyed. This isn't bad in a loud, obnoxious way. There is nothing bold or creative or ambitious in its failure. This book is beige wallpaper. It is watery, lukewarm tea. It is inert and unmemorable. \n It doesn't please me to be so harsh in my assessment of this work. I enjoy John Green not just as an author, but as a public figure. I root for his continued success. I wanted very much to love it but I found it a colorless misfire. I hope Green gets back on track with his next effort.
-1 Prettily written and easy to read, but for a 400+ page book there's not as much there there as you would expect. Sisi is isolated from court and largely disconnected from politics, which means we focus mainly on her feelings about herself and her family, her daily routines, and a few interpersonal relationships. This stuff is fine but a little thin to build a whole book around.
-1 A decent way to kill a few hours on a Sunday afternoon but nothing more than that. I was entertained enough to keep turning the pages but this didn't feel particularly fresh or creative and the characterizations were superficial. This is the novel equivalent of a TV movie that keeps you watching, but won't stick in your memory for any period of time. \n I was intrigued by a premise that so directly references the well known \"final girl\" trope because I see a fair number of horror movies. The crime that made Quincy a \"final girl\" is a very boilerplate horror movie type of crime. A slasher attacks a bunch of horny teens holed up in a cabin in the woods. Flashbacks to this crime, which Quincy doesn't remember, are intercut with present day scenes of her interacting with prickly final girl Sam (view spoiler)[ who is not actually Sam but rather a former psychiatric patient named Tina who has stolen dead Sam's identity (hide spoiler)] and dealing with the death of first final girl Lisa and her superficially fine but actually underwhelming relationship with her quasi-fiance Jeff. This is doesn't have a ton of twists and turns until we get to the third act where (view spoiler)[ we find out \"Sam\" isn't actually Sam and Quincy's long time supportive cop buddy Coop is actually...gasp...shock....the killer all along mwahahaha (hide spoiler)] The execution of this plot is thoroughly adequate. I found enough details of Quincy's life and background, as well as the other two final girls, to keep reading even though this book adopts many cliches of the horror genre without altering or subverting them (while this book lifts plot points/characterizations from horror movies, I wouldn't consider it a horror novel at all). When the mystery plot, such as it is, does get going it works well enough in a 3 star kind of way.
-1 This had some good scenes/moments but on the whole it's underwhelming. It's meandering and low key to the point of being stuporous. There's no plot and the characters don't really have arcs. No one here demonstrates much growth or change. Marcus isn't realistic and while he's likable enough I guess he's not especially interesting. \n I'll struggle to recall I even read this beige book in a month. It's one of those books that evaporates from your consciousness even as you're reading. Yawn.
-1 3.5 stars. This is a book about people who desire to have meaningful sexual and platonic connections with others, and their bumbling attempts to gain and maintain these connections. While this book has comedic elements, I do think the blurbs are overselling the humor. There are scenes and lines that are amusing, but it's not really laugh out loud funny. \n Eve becomes obsessed with MILF porn after receiving an errant dirty text, and all her social encounters take on this erotic charge as she becomes more immersed in the world of online porn to combat her loneliness as a divorced woman who has just sent her only child to college. She develops an intense, complicated friendship with one of her employees, Amanda. She signs up for a gender studies course and builds relationships with her professor and several of her classmates, who form a strong roster of supporting characters even if the level of intimacy between the students and the professor was far fetched. \n Brendan's chapters were a total drag though. He's a boring, basic, super douche bro. I don't have any criticisms in terms of the authenticity of Perrotta's portrayal, and I don't think Perrotta wants the audience to like Brendan. I think he does accurately capture the voice of a certain type of teenage boy. He's just not the type of character I care to read about. If Brendan's chapters had been written in third person, like the others, instead of first person, maybe I would have liked them more.
-1 This is a super fast read. I didn't time myself with a stopwatch or anything but I know it took less than two hours to read cover to cover. So the time investment this slim volume requires is minimal. Given that this book demanded so little of me, I guess I can say it was well written enough to justify the short amount of time I spent reading, but it was so fragmented and slight it was frustrating as well. \n This reads like an essay collection or a diary. It's a random grab bag of the protagonist Thandi's musings about her life. It's so episodic it feels like a stretch to even call it a novel. The narrative spine holding everything together is supposed to be Thandi's grief over the death of her mother, but even that defining tragedy isn't enough to make this feel cohesive. The chapters are all very short. Some \"chapters\" are merely a sentence or a paragraph, others ambitiously span two to (occasionally) three whole pages. Many of these vignettes are intimate, surveying Thandi's innermost feelings about her family, her love life, and her feelings of dislocation as she tries to understand her identity as a wealthy, light skinned black woman who is a the daughter of a South African mother. If we take each of these tiny chapters as an independent work, some of them are impressive in how much emotion they manage to convey so quickly. Others are random and disconnected from Thandi's immediate experiences and feel like things college freshmen say to each other at 3 am to show off how deep they are. The way Clemmons writes about South Africa was hit or miss for me. Thandi's personal observations about South Africa, as someone who warily visits but never really feels at home there, are interesting but the \"let's talk about Oscar Pistorius and Winnie Mandela and Kevin Carter randomly for a few pages\" inserts are just odd and jarring. \n This is a three star read as is because it reads more like an outline or a rough draft of a potentially excellent book yet to be written rather than a finished work in and of itself. Thandi is just interesting enough, and Clemmons's writing is good enough to be worth the minor time investment this book requires, but I also kept thinking this could have been so much more than it was.
-1 I love Uncle Stevie so I really gave this the old college try. I tried so hard to like it but a) the plot moves at a brutally sluggish pace and b) the way too large ensemble cast is composed of boring characters that are largely impossible to distinguish from each other.
-1 I didn't finish this but I am shocked it has such crazy good reviews. What I read was so bad. Cheesy, implausible, and with all the depth and emotional heft of a napkin. I don't get the hype at all.
-1 Cold and dull.
-1 This is definitely a page turner, and a lot of the observational writing is sharp and astute. However, while this is definitely compelling it is also kind of irritating and it left me feeling somewhat underwhelmed when it was all over. This is the kind of book that sucks you in, demands you read on but when it's over you say to yourself, \"oh, that's it.\" \n I think my main beef is for a book with such a dark premise it really chickens out. Grace is a totally insufferable character. She's smug and cold and shallow and oblivious and incredibly whiny yet super, super privileged despite her constant claims to the contrary. I am fine with unsympathetic characters as long as they're interesting, which Grace is for a lot of the book, but I wanted her to really get her comeuppance in a way she never does. Frankly, she needs to suffer more to make this really pay off. She needs to suffer materially and psychologically and emotionally. She needs to be wracked with self doubt and she needs to face hostility from the outside world. This is after all a therapist who just wrote a book castigating women for not avoiding toxic men, and she married a psycho. \n Korelitz spends a lot of time teasing the audience about the darkness that lurks in the heart of Grace's husband. She really stretches things out. I thought Korelitz did a good job writing the mounting sense of dread Grace experienced, and the actual discovery scenes are quite good. However, once the bombshells finally drop, and they are bombshells, the actual fallout doesn't match the enormity of the betrayal. I think one reason is because Grace is so rich. Her wealth insulates her from a lot of the practical consequences of her husband's betrayal. Most people can't fall back on a six figure bank account and most people can't easily just stop going to work to hide out in their lake houses when things get tough. Her child has zero adjustment issues. Everyone around her is nurturing and supportive as she deals with everything even though she's been such a pill herself throughout the whole book. She has a sweet male neighbor to act as a new love interest. Her \"wrecked\" life is easier and better than most people's lives. I was promised devastation. Devastation I don't get. The actual consequences for Grace should be cataclysmic and they're just not. The only thing she loses is something that has little emotional weight for the reader since Jonathan is a character who exists totally offscreen (or off-page more precisely). \n All the set up is very good, the payoff is less so. This is a four star book and a two star book mashed together so I'll give it a three star rating.
-1 3.5 stars. For the reader who is able to accept a clever yet far fetched premise and historical romance that's pretty light on history this is charming and sweet and funny. I enjoyed it. Good fluff reading. Yay lobsters. I would have enjoyed reading even more \"courtship\" letters because they were great.
-1 This makes it three stars by the skin of its teeth. I have a reviewing policy that, no matter how many issues I have with a book, if I can answer \"yes\" to the question \"ultimately, are you glad you read this?\" it deserves at least three stars. So, even though I think this book has glaring flaws, it was still (barely) worth the time investment for what it did well. \n This is a book with great world building. I loved being immersed in historical information about a culture that I know nothing about. Said historical information was delivered in a very expository, info dumpy kind of way, but I was OK with that. I found the supernatural setting similarly fascinating. I want to emphasize this is a fantasy novel first, a historical fiction novel second. The majority of the narrative takes place in the Chinese afterlife. The actual details of this afterlife were very interesting to me. \n So what's the problem? Choo built a great world and then peopled with dull characters and a slack, meandering plot. Great descriptions and historical asides alone can't drive a narrative. Choo built the literary equivalent of a really neat diorama but that's it. The plot has no momentum. The characters are mostly passive and bland. \n Also, the romantic side plot is totally unsatisfying. It should have been jettisoned. I resent how often authors feel obligated to toss slapdash, half hearted romance into a story when they can't do it well.
-1 This book is a failure. The characters are fatally underdeveloped, which totally saps the drama out of things. Also, some of the writing is frustratingly vague and hard to follow. \n However, I can't deny that I found it at times an intriguing failure and I appreciated how weird it was. There were individual moments and bits of prose that really struck me. Taken as a whole this didn't work for me, but bits of it were compelling.
-1 Stylistically, I found this book quite witty and well written. India Black had a clever, biting narrative voice that immediately hooked me in. However, style was all this had going for it. The actual meat of the story was totally underwhelming. I was not intrigued or entertained by the plot at all, and no character outside of India leapt off the page to engage me. Even India's charms as a protagonist wear off because her narration, while fun at times, is one note.
-1 A fascinating yet frustrating read. I thought this had a great premise, and the execution of the premise was strong in the first half of the book. Baru is a child when her home island of Taranoke is colonized by the Empire of Masks. The Empire is repulsed by what they perceive as the savagery and moral turpitude of the Taranoki way of life, most especially their polyamorous, sexually fluid families. Baru is a child of a three parent family, a mother and two fathers, who is taken away from her family to be sent to a school analogous to the boarding schools Native American children were sent to in America to cut them off from their native culture and indoctrinate them into the \"American\" way of life. One of her fathers is killed. Other residents of Taranoke are physically punished if found to be homosexual, or are forced to participate in eugenics inspired forced breeding or sterilization. They become totally economically dependent on the advanced goods of the Empire. \n Baru is intelligent enough and cunning enough to excel at her schooling and ace a civil service exam allowing her to work as an imperial accountant within the empire and she schemes to take it down from within to avenge her homeland. What an awesome idea right? Dickinson's treatment of Baru's harrowing childhood was excellent and reading about Baru using her economic cunning to (for example) manufacture ruinous hyper inflation was actually really fun. Dickinson has a lot of clever ideas, and a sophisticated grasp of power dynamics within and between countries. \n However, the momentum stalled out for me a lot once Baru (view spoiler)[ leaves her post as imperial accountant to become a faux revolutionary (hide spoiler)] The main problem is that most of the characters are so underdeveloped that they are practically indistinguishable from each other. Only Baru and Tain Hu, a rebellious duchess and (view spoiler)[ the object of Baru's deeply repressed lesbian affections (hide spoiler)] approach even two dimensional status. Everyone else is basically just a confusingly named cipher who exists to advance the plot but has no discernible personality. I had the luxury of reading this whole book over the course of one day. I read half of it in one sitting, put it down for about 90 minutes, picked it up again and read the second half. Even with the ability to block out the bulk of my day and read this with minimal distractions/other demands on my time, it was hard at times to keep track of who was who and what was going on as the ensemble cast grew because the characters were so nondescript. So you have two underdeveloped characters, flanked by characters that aren't even one dimensional. Can you have a \"zero dimensions\" character? If so, Dickinson wrote about a dozen of them. \n Baru is both by nature and by necessity a cold, closed off person, and tonally the book adopts her remoteness. So as interesting as this book was plot-wise, as I intrigued as I was by some of Dickinson's ideas and by the mechanics of Baru's work, it suffers from diminishing returns as it progresses because of how detached the reader is from every character. (view spoiler)[ The final reveal that Baru's supposed alliance with the rebellion was fake, she was taking the rebels down for the empire so she could get in good with them to carry out her own internal sabotage (hide spoiler)] does not have the emotional punch Dickinson wanted because the protagonist is always an icy robot and nobody else has any identifiable personality traits.
-1 This book is weird. Really, really weird. I guess I would call this a horror version of Alice in Wonderland if I had to call it anything. Or maybe I would call this The Odyssey on all the acid. The lead character Ben goes on a \"hike\" where all kinds of strange and disturbing wackiness ensues. Everything begins when Ben witnesses a hideous masked man disposing of a child's mutilated body. As he flees this murderer and his accomplice he encounters all kinds of fantastical creatures and bizarre situations as he \"stays on the path.\" \n This book is creative and unique. Magary writes short, punchy sentences and while his prose is economical, it's also powerful and he writes some very vivid and arresting scenes. His writing is very cinematic. This feels like a book written with a future TV or film adaptation in mind. It would be very easy to translate to a visual medium. \n The sheer weirdness of this did hold my attention (for a while anyway), and I was curious to see what crazy thing was going to happen next. However, I was put off by the lack of structure and coherence to the narrative. This book was a string of wacky events rather than a traditional narrative. There's not much rhyme or reason to anything. The middle of the book also kind of stalled out for me, as the shock value of the craziness wore off. I like my fantasies with some rules and structure and some world building. Otherwise you just have a grab bag of weird anecdotes strung together, which is what a lot of this book is. The heavily episodic nature of the story means you don't have a lot of characters that you follow over the course of the book which makes it hard for Magary to establish dramatic stakes. I definitely liked things about this but it was also a little too weird for me to fully engage with.
-1 3.5 stars. This won't win any awards for originality but Stuart's skillful execution of some admittedly well worn tropes was pleasing to me as a reader. Stuart writes well, her plotting is brisk and she packs plenty of intrigue into 270 pages. We've got secret identities and double crosses, murder and other assorted mayhem, marital infidelities, secret accidental funding of Irish terrorism, and of course the steadily increasing sexual tension between Bryony and Adrian as Bryony goes undercover as a housekeeper in Adrian's household to investigate the death of her unjustly disgraced father. \n The romance is based primarily on flirtation and sexual attraction. There's lots of fun banter and heat and longing. Generally, I would like a romance story to feature a longer courtship and a more substantive connection between the leads beyond the carnal but in this case I enjoyed Briony and Adrian's dynamic even if I acknowledge it was kind of shallow. I liked Briony and Adrian a lot as individual characters, and I totally bought into their compatibility. \n I look forward to continuing this series.
-1 The analytical part of my brain screams \"this is cheesy, contrived, trash.\" There's corny dialogue, cliched melodrama, and bar none one of the stupidest plot twists I have ever read. I am of course referring to the (view spoiler)[ surprise! Julia's \"dead\" husband Xavier lives! (hide spoiler)] silliness. WTF. However, as much of the thinking, reasoning, part of me was fully cognizant of what a tire fire this book is, I can't pretend I didn't enjoy reading it. I love a good historical soap opera that spans multiple generations and as stupid as this book was in parts, I also found it fun and entertaining. Enjoyment beat out irritation at the ludicrousness of what I was reading. \n In the present we have Julia, a renowned classical pianist dealing with the death of her family, and being romanced by Kit, the inheritor of the Wharton estate. No one in this book has a normal job. Imagine if Julia had been an accountant or a paralegal or a cashier. The characters have to be wealthy and \"artistic\" enough to sulk for months in their picturesque estates and country cottages without any practical concerns intruding on the melodrama. Kit is similarly tortured by lost love and unencumbered by the day to day cares of an actual person. Of course, they quickly fall in love despite Julia's supposed despondency. Their relationship made me feel warm and fuzzy and roll my eyes at the same time. \n Julia's grandparents were in service at the Wharton estate, and her grandmother's reminisces over a relocated diary send the reader back into the past, where we read about Harry Crawford's legitimate (WWII captivity) and not so legitimate (poor little rich boy doesn't want to inherit and run giant estate and marry a society lady) problems. While convalescing in Thailand he falls in love with a Thai teenager because he loves her skinny, delicate body and her reticence about speaking English makes her less mouthy than his wife Olivia. Yup. That's an aspirational love story for the ages right there. All of this is after Harry thinks he's gay and then decides, eh, no after macking on a school mate. Alright. There are of course spooky secrets from the past, i.e. (view spoiler)[ babies with secret parentage (hide spoiler)] \n I enjoyed MST3King this book as I was reading it a great deal. I also derived sincere enjoyment from some of the cloying writing and overripe intrigue because I'm a sap who's easily emotionally manipulated. This book did move me at points, which I should probably be embarrassed about but I'm not.
-1 Reading this is like watching a deranged baby play with its dirty diaper. It's obvious all McGuire is interested in as an author is writing graphic descriptions of bodily excretions periodically punctuated by graphic descriptions of murders. I have never read an author so scatologically obsessed in my life, and I read a lot. If I edited out all the times McGuire describes how badly the air stinks of piss and/or crap and/or blood there wouldn't be enough book left to fill a pamphlet. \n This book is constantly, ostentatiously, gratuitously crude. It is obvious McGuire is laboring to shock and disgust the reader with the grossness of the characters' surroundings but he has such a heavy hand that the reader quickly becomes desensitized and bored. This book's sole narrative purpose is to make the reader think \"eww, icky\" which is juvenile in the extreme. There is no variation in tone, no nuance or dimension to McGuire's writing. Character development is nonexistent, there's no plot to speak of. There's no tension or suspense whatsoever. All we have is page after page of purple prose devoted to describing the gross miasma of the whaling ship and the many scents and sounds of evacuation. \n I hated this book. It has no redeeming value whatsoever. I want to take a shower and forget I ever read it.
-1 The Association of Small Bombs is a book of compelling moments, well written imagery, and strong individual scenes but it does not have a well structured overarching plot, and some important characters seem to have truncated or nonexistent arcs. The only real connective tissue of the story, the glue holding everything together, is Mansoor, the survivor of the 1996 bomb who is later (view spoiler)[ arrested and imprisoned as an accomplice to the 2003 bombing committed his friend Ayub (hide spoiler)]. Taken as a whole, his story is a tragic gut punch, though I had quibbles with how quickly Mahajan writes the final part of his story (he tries to cover way too much ground in about 10 pages of text). \n Sadly, I found Shockie and Ayub, (view spoiler)[ the terrorists behind the \"associated small bombs\" in 1996 and 2003 respectively (hide spoiler)] dull characters. I felt at such a remove from both of them and their chapters were a chore. (view spoiler)[ I am very open to reading books that get into the mind of terrorists. I am even open as a reader to feeling some level of empathy for a terrorist character, but I felt like with the transformation of Ayub chapters Mahajan was just checking off boxes on a checklist and writing with such remove that I couldn't get invested (hide spoiler)]. Vikas and Deepa, the parents of Mansoor's slain friends, were potentially interesting characters but they're grafted onto the story in a very ungainly way. The books opens on their pain at the loss of their sons, then they're dropped completely from the story as we follow other characters, then periodically re-inserted in seemingly random fashion. I'm also not convinced either of them had much of a journey as a character despite the strength of some of their scenes. \n I think this is book where the author's reach exceeds his grasp. A lot of Mahajan's writing is quite striking and thought provoking but I also couldn't shake the feeling that there was something missing from this as I was reading it.
-1 A likable enough book but sluggishly paced
-1 This is the ninth Sanderson book I've sat down to read and the first that I didn't like. I read half of it and just couldn't get into it at all. I found it so dull. After enjoying the first two volumes so much I was shocked by how much this one didn't work for me. I'm just going to google spoilers to see how everything turns out.
-1 Most of this book was a four star read for me but I found the final act (the last 50-60 pages) so muddled and confusing I'm knocking a star off. \n I thought Hodge did a really good job maintaining a consistently creepy atmosphere. This book is really dark and unsettling at times. The Gentle Lord's castle is a fantastic set piece. This is the literary equivalent of a haunted house movie because so much of the plot is driven by Nyx's explorations of this gigantic, sprawling, fearsome castle. Nyx, Ignifex, and Shade are all interesting characters with complicated motivations. I really appreciated how Nyx wasn't all pure and noble and self sacrificing but was appropriately bitter about her lot in life. I didn't really buy into the love triangle between Nyx, Ignifex, and Shade but it didn't detract from all the other things I was enjoying about the story. \n However, as the climax of the book approaches things went off the rails for me. By the end the plot had become pretty convoluted with all the magical artifacts and mythological allusions and shifting alliances and the resolution to all this craziness, the whole (view spoiler)[ time unwinding thing (hide spoiler)] just left me scratching my head. I didn't understand the mechanics of that at all. (view spoiler)[ How was Nyx even alive in the first place if the last 900 years hadn't happened? She only exists in the first place because of the bargain between her father and the gentle lord. Shouldn't the world be totally different in every way? (hide spoiler)] I was just a pile of confusion from that plot point to the end. I really don't think this book needed the introduction of that type of plot element given how much was already going on. That's right, I'm a 31 year old grown ass adult admitting I couldn't follow the conclusion of a YA fantasy novel. Beyond that, (view spoiler)[ The final showdown between Nyx and the kindly ones was pretty meh to me as well (hide spoiler)]
-1 A fun bit of fluff. Though the male protagonist of this story is a vampire, don't come into this expecting a dark and scary read. The tone of this book is light and sweet. Though Ian (view spoiler)[ is almost killed by Ben the vampire hunter (hide spoiler)] and Angelica is (view spoiler)[ kidnapped by a vampire named Rosetta acting to protect John Polidori, author of \"The Vampyre\" (hide spoiler)] these potentially grave problems are completely resolved with ridiculous quickness and don't alter the breezy tone Ann affects throughout. \n This book doesn't have a lot of depth to it in terms of plot, world building or characterization but if you go in ready for a light entertainment it's got charm. The premise is solid, Ian and Angelica are cool characters who have a fun relationship to read about, Ann writes good dialogue. I really enjoyed Angelica's attempts to repel Ian and how miserably they failed because he *gasp* actually wanted a bookish proto-feminist.
-1 I'm mostly on vacation this week so I decided this was a good time to dig into Megan Abbott, an author who had been on my radar a long time but who I hadn't actually read. I kicked off Abbott week with her latest work, You Will Know Me, a very well written and psychologically astute mystery set in the world of elite gymnastics. After reading and enjoying that book so thoroughly, I dove right into Dare Me, a dark and twisted tale of adultery, murder and really bitchy cheerleaders. \n I enjoyed this. I like how Abbott writes stylistically. She uses distinctive descriptive language and does a great job creating vivid imagery without overwriting. She's witty too. I also think she did a good job capturing the way teen girls can be so smotheringly close to each other and so mean and destructive simultaneously. \n However, this did also leave me wanting more. I thought this book could have easily been a hundred pages longer. Specifically I wanted more scenes of the coach enslaving the team to her cruel charisma, focusing on how she balanced her meanness with star power and persuasiveness to get everyone but Beth to buy in, more Beth and Addy scenes, and further development of coach's relationship to both her husband and Will. There's too much summarizing instead of showing how these characters interact with each other. I never really could grasp the source of the coach's power. \n Also, every character is so terrible, a little variation in tone and characterization would have been appreciated. I have no problem with dark books, dark material and unsympathetic characters but nobody lives in a world where every single person in their life is completely awful all the time.
-1 This book had some contrivances that I found super annoying. I found the way everyone treated Alice, sufferer of a very serious head injury, totally unrealistic. She just plops back into her life despite losing a decade of memories and no one directly communicates with her about the ten years she loses or even seems particularly alarmed about her condition. No one sits her down and says \"OK, let me tell you what you're not remembering...and maybe you shouldn't be tending children, driving and baking giant novelty pies (yes, there's a giant pie subplot) while coping with mysterious brain damage.\" She's half heartedly told to see a doctor twice maybe and that's it. \n Moriarty also doesn't do a completely satisfactory job of answering the question \"why did Alice change so much?\" which is kind of the whole frigging point of the book. She spends so much time teasing us with mysteries that wouldn't be so mysterious if people just had mutually beneficial straightforward conversations with each other that Alice's actual transformation arc gets relegated to a small section of the overall text. To say Alice is a poorly developed character is an overstatement but a 460 page character study could have and should have done this better. We get a good sense of certain parts of her devolution but not all of it. Maybe if we didn't waste so much time reading stupid letters from Frannie we could have gotten to it. \n Despite these problems, which are significant, this book is a super page turner. I read three quarters of it in one sitting. Moriarty did a great job creating in me a thirst to keep learning more about these characters and to solve the two major puzzles she introduces \"why did Alice and Nick split up?\" and \"what's the deal with this Gina person that everyone keeps talking about in hushed tones?\" Again, in the real world Alice would just have those questions answered for her in a five minute conversation and there'd be no book but my awareness of the contrived nature of these mysteries didn't totally dampen my enjoyment. \n Softie that I am, I can't give a book that really compelled me to keep turning the pages less than 3 stars no matter how many nitpicks I have. Of the four Moriarty books I've read (this, The Husband's Secret, Big Little Lies, and The Last Anniversary) this is the weakest but for all its flaws this book is hard to put down and for me that counts for a lot in terms of how I rate a book. This is the kind of book that really casts a spell over you and demands you keep reading no matter how frustrated you get at times by its shortcomings.
-1 I enjoyed this but the whole is less than the sum of its parts. I thought James did a really good job of writing many of the individual scenes. Her dialogue is consistently clever. There's an extended comic interlude about a rented pineapple that was amazing. I really liked reading about Merry interacting with English high society. Her and Trent are a charming couple, though their (view spoiler)[ post-marriage conflict about admitting their feelings to each other (hide spoiler)] is contrived. \n However, as much as I enjoyed many individual scenes in this book, I found a lot of the pivotal plot developments that advance the plot pretty meh. Why does Merry rush into an engagement with Cedric so rashly given her history? I didn't buy the characterization of Cedric at all really, and James is all over the map with him, seesawing between him being a dastardly wastrel and then (view spoiler)[ tossing in a quick redemption for him at the end (hide spoiler)]. Neither version of him feels authentic. And the (view spoiler)[ surprise marriage to Trent instead of Cedric (hide spoiler)] and especially the (view spoiler)[ third act temporary amnesia, I hate this as a plot device (hide spoiler)] didn't work for me. \n So in short, this book is a collection of fun, well written individual scenes stitched together by a weak overarching plot.
-1 True rating is 2.5 stars but I am rounding up with the star rating instead of down like I usually do because I'm fine with goodreads recommending me books based on me having \"liked\" this one. \n There were things that were charming and likable about this book. I think Carriger writes dialogue well, and her humorous asides and juxtaposition of stuffy Victorian mores with supernatural craziness worked for me. I enjoyed the tone of this book. I also thought Carriger had interesting, albeit underdeveloped, ideas about how society would cope with the existence of vampires and werewolves by trying to bureaucratize and sanitize them. \n But there's just not a lot to this book. The world building is thin, most of the characters are flat, the plot is slow moving. These flaws I think stem from all the narrative time devoted to the tepid romance between Alexia and Lord Maccon. Maccon is the blandest character to ever bland and so I couldn't care less about his courtship of Alexia. Had this book cut the romance and instead devoted more detail to developing the paranormal plot and fleshing out the characters it would have been much better.
-1 I won a copy of this book as a Goodreads giveaway which made me really excited but I am morally opposed to reading books that don't use quotation marks for dialogue. It's an unbearably obnoxious stylistic choice. I didn't read enough of this to get any sense of whether it's good or not and I don't plan to.
-1 A few months ago I saw a trailer for the (now delayed) cinematic adaptation of this book. I had never heard of it, but it seemed right up my alley so I checked it out of the library. To anyone like me, whose interest in this book was piqued by the upcoming film, let me warn you, this book is awful. It fails in every way a book can fail. It marries an aggressively stupid, laughably contrived plot with pathetically one dimensional characters that don't think, feel or do anything remotely interesting or authentic. \n Every single thing that happens in this book is stupid. Every choice a character makes, every deception that they're improbably able to engage in, every external event, is ludicrous and underwritten in the extreme : (view spoiler)[ the faux pregnancy, Sophia's feigned deaths, Cornelius's extreme gullibility, everything about the way Maria, a woman in service, behaves, Willem impulsively running off and returning (hide spoiler)] none of it is grounded in any sense of reality. To call the plot of this soap operatic is an insult to soap operas, which peddle more believable plots and contain better characters than this tripe. I am a person who regularly reads fantasy, YA and romance novels. I am not a stickler about historical accuracy in period fiction. I say these things to point about my tolerance for plot contrivance is high. I am willing and able to cut authors a lot of slack in the realism department in service of an entertaining story but I was constantly cringing at how dumb this book was. I felt insulted by how poorly written this book was in every way. \n The \"romance\" between Sophia and Jan, the supposedly great love that sets the plot in motion, is horrendously written. By page 40 this pair have declared their undying love for each other based on a whopping two chaperoned encounters with each other. Moggach doesn't go through the hassle of actually building a relationship between this pair. There's no time spent building an attraction through multiple interactions, or giving either character a personality. There's no there there, no actual content to their epic, tragic, ruinous love. Moggach states it exists, that's supposed to be good enough for us. This book is super lazy in addition to being totally incompetent. \n You've been warned. Stay away.
-1 This just didn't work at all. The romance falls completely flat because Nick is a super jerk who is not sufficiently redeemed and Julia is super bland. Her master plan is stupid and contrived in about 10 different ways. The connection between the two characters is purely carnal. One week of good boning doesn't make a satisfying romance. Their relationship is not interesting in any way. \n If you're not rooting for/invested in the romance this book doesn't offer anything else to entertain the reader. There's not much in the way of subplots, good supporting characters, atmosphere and period detail etc to compensate for a poor leading couple. This book is thinly written.
-1 This book has all the characteristics of a shallow but fun soap opera. The characters, while superficially drawn, are mostly an entertaining bunch due to how conniving they are and the plot is stuffed with all types of catty drama. We've got backstabbing and gossip and love triangles and secret liaisons and sudden reversals of fortune (positive and negative). I was always interested in seeing what these crazy kids were going to do next. Stylistically, I also really liked how Godbersen used these short inserts from faux newspapers and high society etiquette guides to propel the plot forward/offer commentary on what was going on. \n However, if you want to read about nuanced characters or if you want any kind of history in your historical fiction beyond lengthy descriptions of old timey dresses I wouldn't recommend this. To appreciate this book's charms you have to be in the mood for a super light weight read.
-1 This book existed in a kind of purgatory for me. It wasn't bad enough to abandon but I didn't really enjoy it either because the pace was so brutally slow. It was like Harris wrote the book to fulfill a dare: write a 500 page book with a novella's worth of actual content! How high can that word count get without communicating anything of substance? \n There were some things I liked about this book. Until my impatience over how badly everything dragged set in I enjoyed Harris's writing style a great deal and the chapters set in 1933 were excellent. If you are a fast reader with a lot of free time on your hands maybe you'll find slogging through this worthwhile. I was continually on the fence about whether this book was worth my time as I was reading it. Ultimately, I don't think it was because it was twice as long as it should have been (at least).
-1 The first act of this is really good and the very end packs a wallop. Unfortunately the other 2/3 is a dull, generic chore that totally squanders the potential of the strong beginning. A book that teases you with greatness only to feed you 200+ pages of bland, uninspired filler (seriously nothing happens for at least half this book plot wise or character wise) might be even more frustrating than a book that just sucks top to bottom and thus never engages you or creates expectations in the first place. \n Read this up until (view spoiler)[ Melanie's \"school\" is compromised by Junkers and she and Miss Justineau and Dr. Caldwell are forced to leave (hide spoiler)] Then read the last fifteen pages or so. If you do that you'll think this is a really good book because those parts of it are very strong. If you actually slog through the the 250 pages of super cliched, lazily written, useless padding that you'll be alternately bored and frustrated.
-1 Cool plot, awesome villain, adequate prose and character development, annoying unnecessary and unconvincing romance subplot.
-1 This is a romance that is obviously going for sweet rather than steamy. The courtship of Roxana and Alex is like watching two cute, awkward, clumsy puppies wrestle with each other. They are a couple that I really rooted for because they were both such fundamentally decent, well intentioned people who were a good match despite their consistent communication difficulties. \n The only obstacles to this coupling were self imposed by mutual social awkwardness and misunderstanding. This can be frustrating for the reader who longs to call out \"just say what you mean\" but for the most part Roxana and Alex's communication problems were plausibly grounded in their backgrounds/life experiences, temperaments, and the circumstances of their \"forced\" marriage. \n While Roxana and Alex are a charming couple, this book is pretty thin on plot and secondary characters so even though it's not very long, it does feel a bit dull and sluggishly paced at times. When I picked this up I always enjoyed it, but I never really felt that compulsion to keep turning the pages. This book is easy to read but also easy to put down. I liked it but not passionately.
-1 3.5 stars. There are many cool things in this book. Dragonscale is a really fascinating affliction and Hill does a great job writing about its array of symptoms and its transmission. I loved the first portion of this book, which chronicles Harper's contracting the 'scale (as the characters refer to it) and its impact on her relationship with her demented husband Jakob and I thought Hill wrote a lot of the interpersonal drama within the survivor's camp well. While not every camp denizen is a memorable character, enough of them are to create some really compelling drama. \n However this book is way too long. Way, way too long. In particular, the last 250 pages or so needed to be drastically condensed. I had to wade through a lot of tedious filler just to get to the ending. This book has enough going for it that I would definitely recommend it, but prepare for some frustrated \"oh God just end already\" feelings.
-1 I loved both books in Bennett's Divine Cities series so I decided to give some of his other work a whirl. I read 150 pages of this book and nothing happened. There was some cool creepy atmosphere in a few scenes but I need some actual character development and plot to keep me turning the pages.
-1 I enjoyed this but, unlike The Governess Affair, I think it suffered from being a novella rather than a novel. I found Jonas a very interesting and appealing character whose abrasiveness was well justified in text and didn't detract from his ultimately progressive, forward thinking and kind nature. I also thought his relationship with his father was quite poignant. I love me some old timey medical discussions and sociological commentary and again Milan delivers here. I really enjoyed many of the individual scenes in this novella a great deal because of how well Milan writes. \n Lydia's personal character arc was interesting but some elements of the courtship of Lydia and Jonas were really odd despite them being good characters as individuals. Bizarrely, Lydia is constantly cited as a chipper, optimistic, naively cheery character and we the audience don't see that in this volume. I don't have a problem with that per se. I don't need characters to be all sweetness and light. I think Lydia's anger and attitude were totally legitimate and her prickliness matched well with Jonas's brusque exterior. However, it was really jarring to be told over and over again \"Lydia's public disposition is all sunshine and rainbows\" when we don't see evidence of that. Since we never see this supposedly defining aspect of her personality her wager with Jonas (that he can show her scenes of poverty that challenge her relentless optimism in exchange for a kiss) makes no sense. It also makes no sense that Jonas's initial attraction to Lydia is this same oft referenced but textually nonexistent cheeriness. \n I enjoyed reading Jonas and Lydia's sparring. I thought their verbal repartee was entertaining but what Milan showed us about their relationship through how they interacted seemed quite different from how she told us we should interpret these interactions. I rooted for Jonas and Lydia as a couple but I think these two characters would have benefitted from more time in which to tell their story. \n I look forward to getting back to novel length work by Milan.
-1 McCammon is such a colorful, exciting writer that his books are fun to read even when they're half baked, as this one was. This book is much shorter than any other volume of the Matthew Corbett saga and I was a little disappointed by how simplistic the plot was. The opening set up, Matthew travels down south for a relaxing, recuperative assignment as a paid escort to a debutante, is bizarre and has little connection to the main story. The \"mystery\" murder is solved almost immediately after its introduction, setting us up for another chase story a la Mister Slaughter, along the River of Souls. A superficial but entertaining enough page turner. Not as rich as other volumes in the series.
-1 I read this as part of a buddy read with Unapologetic Romance Readers \n I didn't think this was awful or painful to read but it was very uninvolving. Both the fantasy and the romance had potential but they were so underdeveloped that I didn't get engaged. The world building was nonexistent, the plot very simplistic. I also tend to like my romances to have some more development of the courtship between the main couple. I would have liked more scenes of Garrett and Cassandra actually interacting as people if I am supposed to buy them as anything other than a lust match. \n So at the end of the day there just wasn't much there there for me to sink my teeth into. This is a boring read. It's not unpleasant, Marlowe isn't totally devoid of skill and the quality of the writing itself is pretty good for a free book, but this book takes a lot of potentially cool ideas and characters and doesn't end up doing much with them.
-1 A powerful yet uneven reading experience. \n This book felt both overwritten and underwritten. By overwritten I mean Yapa's often beautifully vivid descriptions slipped into repetitive melodrama at times. Some of the language was just too flowery, it became kind of tortured and even laughable in a few instances. By underwritten, I mean that I didn't fully buy into certain characters, meaning they didn't feel completely authentic and their actions did not feel organic. I think trying to do justice to 7 point of view characters in just 300 pages was too tall an order. Yapa would have been better off focusing on 3 or 4 characters tops so he could have done them full justice. \n However, despite these flaws this is a book worth reading. Yapa does a great job stirring the reader's emotions with his visceral, cinematic descriptions of WTO protests. I also really liked how he integrated flashbacks in a way that reinforced the overheated, disorienting nature of the protests once the violence began. The descriptions of police brutality are really gutting, and feel very relevant in 2016. While I initially didn't care for the interludes with the Sri Lankan finance minister and didn't think they were necessary, the final payoff was great and really packed a wallop. \n This is a book of of great individual scenes. It doesn't really hang together as a cohesive narrative because it is trying to do too much in too short a space, but despite this book's faults parts of it will move and impress you.
-1 As I read Fangirl, a book I heartily enjoyed, I found the Simon Snow fan fiction segments perfectly adequate for what they were (an obvious Harry Potter stand in) but not super interesting in their own right so I approached this book with a mix of curiosity and skepticism. My expectations were modest. In some ways this book exceeded my expectations, but it also had some of the flaws I anticipated. \n What this book did better than I anticipated was make me care about many of the characters, even those who don't have large roles, and their relationships. I had a strong emotional connection to this cast. I felt like I had a good understanding of who these people were and why they behaved the way they did. I never wanted to stop spending time with them. \n However, as much as I enjoyed reading this, elements of both the world building and the plot were pretty flimsy and generic at times, which I assume was inevitable given this universe's origins. Rowell takes an everything and the kitchen sink approach to fantasy tropes, tossing in a great variety of creatures and powers in an entertaining but also haphazard way. There's not a lot of originality here. What originality does exist comes more from the sheer volume of fantasy concepts that have been stuffed into this book rather than from a novel treatment of such genre staples as \"the chosen one\" or \"internal strife amongst different magical castes.\" or \"day to day life at magic school.\" So as strong as the character development is, and as enjoyable as the book is, it does feel derivative at times and elements of the world building feel rushed or muddled. \n Even with these flaws, this is definitely a page turner, and you'll be glad you read it.
-1 3.5 stars. A very ambitious book that throws a lot at readers in only 260 pages. We get discussion of battlefield and field side medical conditions in WWI, shell shock, WWI-era psychiatry, a protracted legal drama that takes up the second half of the book, references to thwarted love affairs and bad marriages. \n There is enough material here for a great book and I devoured this quickly. Stella as a protagonist, the setting, the major plot points, most of the supporting characters all really worked for me. \n I do think that Shreve's reach exceeds her grasp though, and the book is too short to do full justice to its multitude of topics. I think in particular the therapeutic treatment of shell shock needed more elaboration. I would have been interested in an even more detailed exploration of some of Stella's relationships as well.
-1 Read 100 pages of this and it was awful. It's a shallow, scattershot mess populated by obnoxious ciphers who are squabbling over a trust fund. Oh no, their trust fund might not be as big as they'd like. What compelling drama, what high stakes. Don't you want to read about rich, privileged assholes threaten to throw tantrums like a bunch of Veruca Salts? I think this aspires to be a comedy but it's not funny. It's not funny, it's not dramatic, it's only irritating. I picked this up because I like books written about complicated family dynamics but what I read was garbage. I maybe could have accepted the deeply unlikable characters if the writing had any wit or depth to it but it doesn't. \n Again, I only read 100 pages of this so maybe it gets better but I wouldn't bet on it.
-1 This was a quick, easy read that didn't excel in any way but also didn't have glaring problems. The premise, the plot, the characters, the prose were all good enough to justify the time spent reading. I was interested enough to keep turning the pages. \n This book was pretty simplistic in terms of plotting and characterizations. It also seemed generic and formulaic so while I enjoyed it well enough to read it in two sittings in less than 24 hours, I doubt it will stick in my mind long. All in all this is a pleasant but not particularly memorable way to kill a few hours, nothing more and nothing less.
-1 I am completely shocked by my reaction to this book. I kept turning the pages thinking \"surely I will come to like this eventually, I have to like this at some point right?\" The premise was so awesome, so perfectly in line with what I like to read about, that I just couldn't believe I found it so dreadfully boring. \n I read lots of books with alternating narrators but Berry totally botched this common literary technique. This was a book with a fatally flawed structure. There are way too many characters who narrate chapters, and the chapters are way too short. All the perspective shifts totally kill narrative momentum and the character development feels so unsatisfying because, in an attempt to do justice to many characters, Berry ends up doing justice to none. Berry cannot write about a large ensemble cast in an interesting way to save her life. All the characters just feel so bland. \n Because I was never hooked into the glacially paced plot and I never cared about the characters I found the book totally flat and its treatment of what should have been heart wrenching, emotionally intense material didn't move me at all. \n I feel like Berry was really going for it with this book. I think the setting and the structure show a lot of creativity and ambition, but the execution just did not work for me at all. I get no joy out of panning a book that is trying to be unique and I hate the idea that in some ways I am criticizing an author for trying to do too much, but I just didn't like this book. I tried really hard to like it but I just didn't. I was never engaged, only frustrated that a book I eagerly anticipated reading for months left me totally cold. I would have bet money this would have gotten a good rating from me before I actually sat down and started reading.
-1 Several elements of this story are strong but it has some flaws that keep it from being as good as it could have been. Annie did not deserve co-equal status as a protagonist with Lauren. Devoting so much time to her perspective was just a waste since she's a boring character who ends up being totally irrelevant to the resolution of the mystery. Lauren is a really good character more than capable of carrying a book herself and the first half of this book drags because it is overloaded with unnecessary information. \n In fact, Sissel chooses to solve the whole \"where is Bo?\" plot line and go off in a completely different direction for the conclusion, leaving us with a final act that has little to do with what came before which is jarring in and of its own right and the switch makes Annie's prominence even more surprising and unnecessary. \n So this book has some structural problems. It has good things going for it and it's entertaining enough to be worth reading but it's awkwardly constructed.
-1 I read this book quickly because I hated reading it and just wanted it to be over. To be honest, I was also skimming in parts despite my attempts to pay attention because the book was so eye glazingly dull and impenetrably written. The Goblin Emperor has been on my radar since it came out two years ago. I love reading about court intrigue and I was thrilled at the thought of a fantasy novel rooted in the details of governance. I have no problem putting on my political science hat when reading fiction. The plot synopsis sounded awesome to me. \n I thought the premise of this book had such potential, which is why I never totally abandoned it despite the fact that I never enjoyed it and it never held my attention for more than a few pages at a time. Sadly, reading this is such a chore. There are a million characters with super complex, ridiculous \"fantasy\" names and the language is ridiculously stuffy and formal and flowery. Since Maia is such a naif you have no idea what's going on just like him. Good luck keeping track of who is who and what is what. The enclosed glossary at the back isn't any help. I understand why Addison made these linguistic choices, but they didn't work for me at all as a reader and made this pretty much unbearable. I could never get into the rhythm of this book, and I was always bored and/or frustrated while reading it. \n This is just such a tedious slog. Had the cast been cut in half and if they had names a reader could actually remember and personalities maybe I would have cared about some of these people. Had the pacing not been so terrible maybe I would have cared about what plot there is. The world building is overly focused on language and clothing to the detriment of anything resembling a real book. Maia's an improbably kindly protagonist but that's not enough to make such an obnoxiously written book enjoyable.
-1 I read half this book and it was inauthentic, pretentious garbage. It feels like it was written by a hipster alien who has no concept of how people and relationships actually work. I considered finishing it just so I could dismiss it in good conscience and enjoy a few more laughs at Groff's expense but ultimately I decided life's too short and bailed.
-1 A good premise but ultimately dull and lazy execution. I felt like everything about this book was lazy and undercooked. Characters were flat, the plotting was slipshod, the prose unremarkable. Not enough historical information to engage the reader. Even though this is a ridiculously quick read it felt tedious because it was such a thin story.
-1 I enjoyed reading this book but I don't think it was very good. It is a weird, entertaining but superficial and tonally confused trash read which is not what I expected going in. There are clever ideas and writing here but the world building is pretty half assed and Atwood's focus on madcap sexual misadventure crowds out other potentially interesting things she could have done with her premise and her characters. I wanted a lot more detail about how Consilience/Positron worked internally and in relation to the outside world than I received because Atwood was too busy focusing on adultery and Elvis sex robots.
-1 This is just not good at all. Ellison tells this paper thin story in annoyingly gimmicky way. The book is written as a series of letters from a mother to her son. Said letters burden the reader with constant, artless, momentum wrecking time jumps between the past and present, probably in a vain attempt to disguise how inauthentic the one dimensional characters are and how slight the plot is. Nothing about this book feels believable in the slightest. The characters and their relationships are laughably underdeveloped. This is just lame all around. Do yourself a favor and skip it. I only bothered to finish it because it's a really fast read and I had a mild hope that the author would do eventually do at least one interesting thing with her premise (she doesn't).
-1 I didn't totally buy this book. I thought there were internal inconsistencies in the world building and some of the characters' decisions were not well justified in text. Even with these reservations though this was an entertaining book that's worth reading. Black mashes up a lot of different ways of seeing vampirism and this book has some very vivid imagery that really stays with the reader. It's good enough to justify the time spent reading it though it isn't fully successful in concept or execution.
-1 This book had a strong start but despite the darkness of the material, which should have moved me, I found it pretty boring once Grace leaves the asylum. I can't really put my finger on why I was underwhelmed but I was. I think the book felt generic more than anything else after the first act.
-1 3.5 stars. This is a really fun read. It is definitely on the light and fluffy side so if you're expecting serious, heavy historical fiction you'll be disappointed but if you want to enjoy some Napoleonic France era spy hijinks, witty writing, vivid and spirited characters, and romance this book will hit the spot. This book is really quite silly at points but it has a lot of charm. It is like a big dumb puppy in book form. \n The chapters set in the present day are totally lame and unnecessary but they aren't a huge part of the story so they don't detract too much from the overall reading experience.
-1 This is pretty bad. The pacing is poor (too little happens for 200+ pages and then a bunch of plot points happen too quickly), said plot points are really stupid, and the characters are cardboard and/or deeply obnoxious. \n Also, the prose is totally artless. The vocabulary and sentence structure seem pitched at around a 4th grade reading level. There is not one well written phrase in this book. It is just as lame stylistically as it is substantively. \n This isn't the type of book I usually read but I think it is important to try new things sometimes. This was a failed experiment for me. I really don't recommend this.", "date_added": "Fri Jul 24 22:20:11 -0700 2015
-1 I adored Oyeyemi's The Icarus Girl so I jumped right into this book with high expectations that alas were not realized. I was intrigued by the set up of the book but then, just as I was expecting Oyeyemi to really dig into her great concept she dramatically changes the way she chooses to tell her story. The book totally falls off a cliff and never recovers by the halfway point. Bird and Snow, who should be great characters, are totally bland, the storytelling becomes so detached and remote it becomes impossible to care about anyone or anything. The pages of letters are lazy device. \n The ending is so awful and ludicrous that if I haven't already disengaged from the book I would have been angry. Instead I had a chuckle at the extreme incompetence of this totally bizarre conclusion. \n This book has a good concept with zero payoff. It ends up feeling totally pointless. Quite disappointing given how much I loved Oyeyemi's first book.
-1 I'm glad I read this book but I had some intensely mixed emotions it. The Blind Assassin is a structurally complicated (read: unnecessarily gimmicky) work that sets out to tell three eventually converging stories. These three parts of the narrative vary dramatically in quality. \n Part One: Flashbacks to protagonist Iris's early life, written in memoir form from the perspective of Iris as an old, justifiably embittered women. These chapters are uniformly excellent. \n Part Two: Elderly Iris in the present reflecting on her current life. Good but repetitive (this section can be summarized as \"get off my lawn\" written in more highfalutin prose). \n Part Three: The novel within a novel \"The Blind Assassin\" (view spoiler)[ supposedly (hide spoiler)] written by Iris's doomed sister Laura. This is tedious, almost incomprehensible garbage. A terrible, horrible, no good, very bad writing experiment that should have been jettisoned by the editor before publication. You can skip these chapters without missing a beat, and I would encourage anyone who reads this book to do so. \n There are also faux newspaper articles sprinkled throughout the text to provide some exposition. \n There was enough that worked about this book that I am happy I read it, but the parts that don't work are really terrible. Iris's story without the \"Blind Assassin\" segments is more than strong enough to carry a book without the obnoxious, annoying and unnecessary book within a book. \n Read this and prepare to alternate between \"this is awesome\" and \"please make it stop.\"
-1 A good read but definitely my least favorite Mistborn novel. I have really come to care for these characters (in particular I love Steris with an unholy love) and their relationships to each other and there were definitely some cool concepts/plot twists but I also found the book way too action heavy and the third act \"twist\" involving a certain character's behavior/alliances didn't pack the emotional punch for me I think Sanderson wanted it to. \n There was so much interesting information about the politics of Elendel in the last volume, I really missed that this time around. I feel like the other Mistborn books all have a lot more going on then what is essentially a quest for magical artifact/heist narrative. \n I still look forward to how Sanderson is going to wrap up this installment of the Mistborn saga in the next book.
-1 This book is kind of tricky. It is pleasingly written stylistically and it's an easy read so I cruised along on the momentum of the smooth prose and the potential of what this book could have and should have been for a while before I realized that it is hollow and aimless. \n This is a book where the extraordinary is deliberately made mundane for some reason and characters are stubbornly underdeveloped. It is as if all the drama has been removed from this story, leaving a bloodless collection of 19th industrial factoids sprinkled amidst a bunch of ciphers enduring an oddly dull series of tragedies. \n Mildly entertaining for a while but ultimately unsatisfactory.
-1 Staggeringly pointless. I don't think I have ever read something with less content. There is absolutely nothing here.
-1 I feel about this book pretty much the same way I felt about volume two, Dark Triumph. It is a great character study. Annith, like Ismae and Sybella before her, was an interesting protagonist with a fascinating backstory. I also enjoyed the theological orientation of this installment. \n However, also like book two, I found the plot sluggish. It takes a long time to get going and the final resolution to Duchess's plot relies heavily on a deus ex machina I found totally underwhelming. I feel like the first book had such a rich, complex plot where these last two volumes had enough plot for one book stretched out over two. \n All three of these books offer beautiful writing, well developed characters and interesting mythology. The quality of plotting definitely declines after the first book. Still a series worth reading though for sure.
-1 Like Ismae, the protagonist of Grave Mercy, Sybella is a great character to build a story around. Her tragic back story, her mission, her various interpersonal relationships (familial, professional, platonic and romantic), all compelling stuff. \n This undeniably fascinating character is stranded in a pretty thin and slowly paced plot however. Plot-wise there just isn't a lot of meat to this story. This volume is definitely still worth reading but it is a step down in quality from Grave Mercy for that reason.
-1 I was in a constant battle with this book. I wanted to love it. I love family sagas. This was supposed to be a book I would love. However, despite a few flashes of promise, it ultimately didn't work for me. \n I think this book was undone by its structure. It alternates between present day interludes with the four grown siblings, narrated in the first person, and a seemingly arbitrary grab bag of flashbacks to their childhoods/young adulthoods narrated in the third person. The chapters each sibling narrates are a mixed bag: two of them are interesting and two of them are bland because the characters are so underdeveloped. The flashbacks are a similarly mixed bag. Having 10-11 chapters that barely connected to each other was not the way to tell this story. It badly hampered character development and in a book like this which is supposed to be a character study first and foremost and where there is basically no plot that proved to be a fatal flaw. \n This book lacked necessary connective tissue. With the possible exception of James, none of the characters have arcs. We don't see them grow and develop and change as Packer wants us to. This book just reads like a random series of vignettes that range from dull to intriguing but frustrating (because they end just when they're gaining momentum). I did not get the level of insight into the members of this family as individuals or as a unit that I wanted. \n Disappointingly shallow. A character study without an adequate roster of interesting characters.
-1 I liked this although the format of the book (the story of the Bloomsbury Group is told through letters/Vanessa's diary entries exclusively) really limited Parmar's ability to develop many of the characters. I got a good read on Vanessa and Virginia as individuals and their relationship was well developed, but everything else seemed a little undercooked. The large cast of characters seem pretty busy gallivanting about having parties, travelling, catching old timey illnesses and falling into and out of bed with each other arbitrarily, but our understanding of them remains superficial since we just check in with them via letters/telegrams or read brief summaries presented by Vanessa. \n As a recounting of a complex sibling relationship this book is quite interesting and successful. It is pleasantly written and fun to read. It does not do a great job however when it tries to expand its focus beyond the Stephen sisters to discuss the adventures of the Bloomsbury Group more generally. Also, none of these people come off as very intellectual at all. I would have liked to read more of the great debates about literature/art/sex/morality etc these characters were supposedly having all the time.
-1 I loved the first story in this book. I found the second terrible and the third stale and mediocre so I decided to quit there.
-1 Palahniuk's slump continues. This is a terrible book, the worse I have read of his. I really want to emphasize this is a bad, bad, bad book. It reeks of laziness. There is absolutely no character development. This seriously has some of the flattest, most one dimensional, cipher like characters I have ever read. The prose is completely devoid of style or wit. The dialogue is terrible. The plot, which is supposed to be oh so wacky and satirical, is badly undercooked. It reads like a skeleton draft or an outline, not a fleshed out concept. Since the plot is so underdeveloped everything that happens feels stupidly far fetched. I wouldn't mind an unrealistic plot in a book like this as long as the author puts some effort into explaining/justifying why the crazy things occur. That doesn't happen here. \n There is nothing worthwhile here whatsoever. This book is incredibly boring. Not one clever plot twist, not one interesting character, nothing. I really think Palahniuk might be done as a writer.
-1 I liked this book well enough to read it in practically one sitting, though I thought it lacked the level of depth and insight that typically characterizes Wolitzer's adult novels. The book also failed to sell the (view spoiler)[ twist ending about Reeve (hide spoiler)] adequately. I didn't have a problem with this plot development per se, but rather its execution. A good enough read to justify the time I spent on it but it did leave me wanting more.
-1 Not up to par for Chamberlain. This book isn't glaringly bad but it is mostly bland and forgettable. Of the two point of view characters one is dull and the other is potentially interesting but not given enough time to engage the reader. Mildly entertaining at best.
-1 I have had bad luck the last few months with series totally flaming out on me. This series really needed to be a trilogy rather than a pentalogy. By book four and especially book five there were fewer and fewer things I liked about these books, the flaws became more obnoxious, and it became increasingly obvious that there wasn't enough plot to sustain five books. Even at its best the Fever series is cheesy and superficial and my quibbles with Moning's writing just eventually overwhelmed my interest in her plot, mythology, and Mac's journey. I read a little under half of this book before packing it in. I know it is ridiculous to read almost 4.5 books in a 5 book series but I just groaned internally at the thought of continuing. I will google some spoilers to see how everything turns out. \n I hate Jericho Barrons with the fury of a thousand suns and his relationship with Mac.
-1 This is the second McEwan book I've read (the first was the Cement Garden) and the second one I found to have failed to deliver on the promise hinted at by the premise and the beginning. \n I was really into this book at first. I was intrigued by both conflicts McEwan presents: the marital conflict between Fiona and Jack and the conflict over whether 17 year old Jehovah's Witness Adam should be legally compelled to receive life changing blood transfusions to treat his leukemia. \n This book just totally petered out for me after a very strong set up. The two stories never intersect well and none of the characters are sufficiently well developed. The second half of Adam's story in particular was so truncated that it just seemed preposterous. He and his behavior felt inauthentic. He is not the only character whose motivations seem to vary dramatically at random. Nor did I really understand Fiona and Jack's marriage very well by the end. \n There is barely a short story's worth of plot here so the book succeeds or fails on the strength of its characterizations. Unfortunately the characters are undercooked. I never got into these characters' heads. \n This book was ultimately way too short and too shallow to do justice to its material. Its two halves never cohered and poor character development made certain plot developments seem arbitrary and inscrutable. I give this two stars instead of one because I liked the first third but I walked away from it very underwhelmed.
-1 My least favorite book in the series. I feel like book three set up a lot of potentially game changing events and this book didn't really capitalize on them. It felt stale to me. Also I am sick to death of the Jericho Barrons/Mac relationship and Barron's supposed \"mystique.\" He is a dull, static and deeply obnoxious character. I have come this far so I will definitely read the final volume in the series but I definitely found this volume a momentum killer.
-1 Rowell is a great writer stylistically and she writes dialogue very well. I loved her voice as an author. I was so charmed by her writing I read this book over the course of an evening. \n Unfortunately for all the wit and stylistic skill Rowell demonstrates here I found the substance of this book incredibly frustrating. This portrait of a marriage didn't work for me for a few reasons. The initial conflict frankly doesn't seem like much of a conflict at all. Georgie is presented with a once in a lifetime job opportunity that would necessitate working through a family Christmas. Neal is so offended by this he takes their children to his parents house and through his non-communication signals he thinks their marriage is in trouble. This is a pretty weak issue to present as a potentially marriage ending calamity. \n For all the time spent chronicling their courtship from their first college meeting to the present I never really bought Georgie or Neal as a couple and I certainly didn't root for them to stay together. I never got what they saw in each other, particularly what Georgie saw in Neal. \n Neal is presented as a perpetually disgruntled jerk who lashes out at his wife due to his own inadequacies. Neal resents Georgie's focus on her career and how her career forces him to live in California yet he has no direction or ambition himself. He is just generically unhappy yet unwilling to actually do the work of cultivating his own interests or developing himself as a person. Rowell also repeatedly discusses how Neal almost never laughs or smiles which is just weird and creepy. \n Neal comes off so poorly in part because we don't get half the insight into him that we get into Georgie. Had the reader been granted the same degree of insight into his thoughts and feelings maybe his actions would have been more understandable and justifiable. We actually see very little of modern Neal and Georgie interacting with each other. There are vague references to fights/problems but we are told not shown the state of their marriage in 2013. We are told Neal is a fantastic father, which would have been another way to potentially humanize his character, but again we don't really see that in action. \n As the book went on and Georgie got more and more desperate to mend her marriage, and more and more self-flagellating about her faults and how bad a wife she was I became increasingly uncomfortable as a reader because I didn't appreciate the book's suggestion that only Georgie is at fault for the nebulously defined marriage issues. Since 2013 Neal is giving Georgie the cold shoulder he is offscreen for a lot of the book so you never get into his headspace like you get into Georgie's. \n The whole point of the book seems to be that Neal is right and Georgie is wrong and how dare she have a close male friend and a demanding career she is passionate about (that allows Neal to be a stay at home dad). Neal is never made to answer for his glaring faults as a husband (he is a mean, whiny passive aggressive sad sack who undeservedly resents his wife for her professional success) whereas Georgie spends a good part of the book raking herself over the coals for working long hours. Neal never displays self criticism or self reflection. I feel like my perception of Neal and Georgie as characters and their marriage is very different from the one Rowell wanted me to have. \n I haven't discussed the fantastical element of the plot: modern day Georgie's telephone conversations with 1998 Neal. Rowell isn't overly concerned with the Sci-Fi/fantasy elements of the plot. The phone calls to the past are a device to provide exposition about Neal and Georgie's relationship and to trigger in Georgie various levels of angst about and love towards Neal. I thought the use of the phone calls to the past was a good plot device if you accept that Rowell is using it as a tool to introduce relevant plot and character information rather than a fully fleshed out concept in and of itself. \n For all my many problems with this book there were some passages that blew me away with how well written they were. I could see so much potential in Rowell's writing. It is just unfortunate that this didn't really work for me on the whole.
-1 Cool plot and world building coupled with some really cheeseball writing. I was interested and impressed by many of the things in this book. I liked the premise, the mythology, the pacing, and I found the plot pretty consistently involving. However I also spent some time rolling my eyes at the pedestrian prose, all the stupid asides about clothes, make up and cars, everything having to do with generic yet improbable super jerk Jericho Barrons. \n A fun read though as long as you set your expectations to guilty pleasure rather than high quality literature. I picked up the second book right away despite the flaws in this one.
-1 I am going to bust out some alliteration to describe my feelings about this book. It is cool, creative yet clumsy. This is an ambitious book that melds genres, teems with ideas and boasts a large ensemble cast that stretches over hundreds of years and multiple continents. It has a nifty premise and some novel and interesting mythology. Interesting treatment of time travel for sure. The romance was fun too. I enjoyed it even if the execution was flawed. \n Even though this book is very exposition heavy there were certain things that either didn't work for me or weren't clear enough to me from a world building perspective. I also had some pacing/plot momentum problems and quibbles with the (lack of) development of the supporting characters. \n I realize this is a first novel. It showed enough promise I'd likely check out the sequel.
-1 I enjoyed this book. I love the way Faye writes. Her prose is highly stylized and a bit artificial which might be off putting to some but I just adore it. I also love how well Faye has constructed the historical milieu of 1840's New York. Two books in and this series has a nice roster of supporting characters and a lot going on plotwise. \n However, I did like this installment less than book one. I found Timothy Wilde bizarrely naive and hysterical in this second outing. His characterization didn't seem to jibe with how he was portrayed in book one, or how a man with his life experiences would behave. There was also one element to the mystery, which I won't reveal here, that I just didn't believe and it was pretty critical to the plot. Still a good read though. I look forward to the next book in the series.
-1 It took me a little while to get into this book. Despite some snappy writing I found it gimmicky and inauthentic at first. As it went on I liked it more though. Bartholemew is a good narrator and I did eventually become emotionally invested in him. I am glad I read it although the book is not very substantial. One important supporting character is characterized solely through ridiculously excessive swearing, which got tedious quickly. A quick and at times clever, entertaining read that could have used more meat on the bone in terms of plot/characterization. The short length and epistolary format prevented this from being as deep as I think Quick wanted it to be. A longer book that wasn't 100% composed of \"letters to Richard Gere\" might have provided some greater nuance and complexity to the characters.
-1 With some serious editing this book could have been excellent. Gabaldon created a solid pair of protagonists who are individually interesting and have strong romantic chemistry, stylistically her writing is very pleasing to read, there are some fascinating plot developments. This book was twisted in a good, compelling way. However this book is also bloated and repetitive. It was a book that was easy for me to step away from because it had a fair amount of filler. Hundreds of pages of filler. The first half of the book should have been drastically condensed. If this had been around 500 pages instead of 870 I would have given it a higher rating.
-1 I can't believe what a letdown this series ended up being. I loved the first two books, 5 star material. The third book was thin in terms of plot and characterization yet was still a decent read and hinted at some cool things in book 4, so I gave it 3 stars. This latest volume is unbearably dull. I am abandoning it at 39% according to my Kindle. What a disaster after such a fantastic beginning. There was obviously not nearly enough material here to justify four volumes.
-1 There were many cool bits of writing in this book. However, despite some great scenes/situations I had problems with how the book was paced.
-1 Blegh. This book had lovely prose and absolutely nothing else to offer a reader. I kind of resent the pretty writing actually because without it I might have just abandoned this narrative train wreck instead of trudging through it. \n The protagonist Morgana is mute from trauma. This is a contrivance that fails in several ways. The romance between Morgana and blandly perfect Cai is super dull and unconvincing because of the lack of communication between them. I never got a good sense of what Cai saw in Morgana and Cai isn't well developed enough to be a proper romantic lead. \n Even more frustratingly I feel like Morgana's muteness was a gimmick included to add complications to what is ultimately a painfully simplistic plot. If Morgana could talk this would be a twenty page short story. The sections of the book relayed in first person from Morgana's perspective read nothing like how you would expect a person so emotionally disturbed as to be rendered mute for years and years to be. Nothing about Morgana felt authentic. \n The villains are also awful one dimensional mustache twirlers who are melodramatic and stupid in the way cartoon villains are. None of the characterizations are complex here. Everything about this book is very flat and juvenile. \n This paper thin plot and these anemic characters are not rich enough to sustain a novel. Don't be suckered in by the stylistic skill shown by the author like I did. This author's first book, the Witch's Daughter, is very good however. Read that instead if this author intrigues you.
-1 Loved Coralie's story. It was dark and gross and weird and creative and fascinating. A lot of Eddie's story was a drag though. It connected nicely to Coralie's plotline in the end but it could have used some serious pruning.
-1 A fun minor work despite some problems. Everything about this book is good enough to be entertaining and worth reading but nothing special. The plot is decently constructed but so straight forward is verges on being overly simplistic. \n Brady is a great antagonist (the chapters from his perspective are the best parts of the book) but Hodges is a bit bland/underdeveloped as a protagonist and some of his choices don't make a ton of sense. The depiction of Hodge's relationships with Janey, Jerome and Holly seesawed between well drawn camaraderie and cringe worthy inauthenticity depending on the scene. The development of these interpersonal relationships was inconsistent. Despite some good scenes sometimes I just didn't buy that this particular group of people would form relationships with each other that they did.
-1 A good book but a definite comedown after the first two excellent volumes. This book is beautifully written as were the first two but it is thin and repetitive. Not a lot of plot progression or character development. A pleasant read but I felt no urgency to keep turning the pages. \n What new material is present here is quite good, there's just not enough of it.
-1 I was alternately captivated and annoyed by this book. The writing is snidely clever and has a good amount of observational detail. The three protagonists are well developed characters, their arcs are plausible and satisfying. This book is hard to put down. \n However I had problems with the structure and pacing of the novel. The mystery of the letter was highly predictable, and I am not one prone to or particularly successful at guessing plot developments before they occur, so I became very frustrated with how drawn out the whole thing was and how long we had to wait to get the letter read. This book crossed the line from teasing suspense to highly frustrating. \n At the end of the day this is a pretty simple story told in a convoluted, gimmicky way. One of the three main stories, that of Tess, never has more than a tertiary connection to the titular husband's secret and resulting fallout so while it wasn't bad I am left wondering why it was included and given such narrative prominence. The flashbacks and digressions about the Berlin Wall don't add much to the story either. Finally, I didn't care for the epilogue. \n A mixed bag but definitely still worth reading.
-1 A decent popcorn read, no more no less. The writing is nothing special but not bad enough to distract from the busy plot and large cast of characters. This briskly paced page turner reads very much like a procedural TV show or a novelization of a film: characters exist primarily to serve the plot, it concludes with a big movie like action sequence (which frankly I wasn't crazy about), glancing references to politics (i.e. 9/11, the war in Iraq) are tossed in to try to add some gravitas to the standard parade of gross out scenes and spooky confrontations. \n This book mashes up tropes from plague/pandemic novels and vampire stories. There are a few novel aspects to its mythology wedded to the typical tropes of both genres. \n This is a definition of a book that is fun to read without being especially good. It's such an easy read and there are enough things I like about the story I will continue on with the series.
-1 If this book had been 350 instead of 700 pages I would have given it 4 stars. There is an entertaining story buried in this latest volume of the Dark Tower series but it is a thin one that King overwrites to the point where you just want to book to end long before it does. \n To help you understand where I am coming from I must confess that I approached this book with trepidation. Roland is by far my least favorite character in the ka tet, I don't like Westerns as a rule and I wasn't crazy about the first volume of the Dark Tower series which is similarly Roland focused. \n After a strong conclusion to the cliffhanger ending of book three most of this book is a flashback which chronicles Roland's doomed affair with Susan Delgado. I liked this story a lot initially. I really gravitated to Susan Delgado as a character. However this storyline goes on for way, way, way too long and just becomes crushingly tedious. Had this flashback been a tight 200 pages I don't think it would have suffered at all narratively. It is ridiculously bloated in its 400+ pages form. \n This book offers way too little in the way of plot progression and acts as a real momentum killer after the very strong second and third volumes. If Stephen King wanted to write a book that is primarily a digression from the overarching plot he should have seriously trimmed the fat here and made the book significantly shorter. You can't make your reader slog through 700 pages and offer as little as King ultimately offers here plot or character wise.
-1 A good but uneven read. I will start by discussing the book's strengths. \n 1) the premise is awesome: time traveling serial killer tracks down \"shining girls\" and kills them. He is able to evade justice through his time travel, which is facilitated by a malevolent magical house that compels him to kill. One of his intended victims survives his attack and tries to hunt him down. \n 2) the profiles of the shining girls are fantastic. Beukes communicates so much about these women in only a few pages. I keenly felt the pain of their loss and feel like I got a lot of insight into the women and the times in which they lived. \n 3) This is pretty well written (minus the overreliance on super short chapters which was a bit choppy and annoying) and definitely a page turner \n 4) Kirby is a potentially great protagonist though her full potential as a character is unrealized because... \n Now to discuss the book's weaknesses \n 1) My biggest problem with this book was how it botched the Kirby searches for her attacker plotline. Beukes short shifts the investigative process to devote way too much narrative attention to Kirby's investigative partner/love interest Dan, a much older former homicide reporter who now writes about sports. Dan is a dull, pedestrian character who has no chemistry with Kirby and the book wastes a ton of time writing about Dan and developing his relationship with Kirby to the detriment of the other, more interesting elements of the plot. I definitely want to read on and on about some baseball reporter whining about his divorce and making lame wisecracks instead of all the other cool characters in this book :: eye roll:: \n Even the time actually devoted to chronicling Kirby's investigation is underwhelming. \n 2) This book provides doesn't offer much in the way of explanation of its premise. You're not going to learn much about how time travel works here, why the \"shining girls\" are so shiny and enticing, you're not going to get much information about the house and Harper is a two dimensional character driven solely by his animal drives. I guess this can be looked at as a nice puncturing of the cliche of the super intelligent, cultured serial killer but I would have liked more information about both how the supernatural aspects of the plot worked and what made Harper tick. \n Even though this book has some flaws/problems I would recommend it. It's a worthwhile read even if it squanders some of its potential.
-1 Mildly entertaining but also thoroughly pedestrian. Everything about this book was generic. The writing style is plain and unimpressive, the plot and characterizations bland. Three characters (Jeff, his wife Claire, and Jeff's co-worker and secret confidant Tish) narrate alternating chapters in the first person and their voices and personalities seem identical. There is no attempt made to imbue any of these three characters with unique traits, thoughts or feelings. The book deals with heavy topics such as death (Jeff is killed in a car accident by the end of chapter one) and mourning, infidelity, generalized dissatisfaction with life, and handles them in a predictable fashion without contributing much in the way of insight. \n This was a quick, easy read and I had some interest in seeing how everything would turn out but at the end of the day this book is nondescript and forgettable. It seems almost like it was manufactured on some chick lit assembly line by a lazy robot.
-1 Such wasted potential here. Colin was an interesting character and I was intrigued by how he saw the world. Green could have written a witty, fascinating book about the struggles of being a fading child prodigy. I found his internal monologue (as well as the anagrams and footnotes) at times very involving. \n Which just makes the actual novel even more frustrating. Green strands this character in a plot that is alternately contrived and dull. The supporting characters are similarly annoying (Hassan) or boring (Lindsey and the other denizens of Gutshot Tennessee). Colin has no friendship or romantic chemistry with any of the other characters here. I was either bored or annoyed every time Colin interacted with someone. I found the plot very boring and the Katherines' theorem a cute idea that far overstayed its welcome. \n This book is also a total wit fail. It was rarely funny or clever like it wanted to be. As much as I wanted to get invested in Colin, nothing about this plot worked for me. Green also used extreme word repetition in a way that drove me up the wall. I never need to see the words fug/fugging, kafir, spitzpinkler, and dingleberry ever again. The jokes were just dumb and crude. \n As I mentioned, I saw so much potential in this book, and I am fond of the author both as a writer and as a celebrity personality, but this just didn't click for me at all. I only finished it because a) it was short and b) I have a positive bias towards John Green.
-1 A fun trash read. This book is pretty corny and ridiculous: full of stilted dialogue, florid prose, and (to put it mildly) certain implausibilities in both plot and characterization. I admire how boldly crazy it is and I admit I became entranced by this bizarre world. Hardly the height of literary quality but a cool, enjoyable read nonetheless.
-1 I'm sorry to say I found much of this volume of the Silo series dull. It was competently written stylistically and I was satisfied with the major plot developments but I also found it very slowly paced and boring. I feel like it didn't till new ground for too much of its page span. I didn't learn new things about the characters or the silos and the plot just inched along. The first half was very slow going and it only picked up marginally from there. There were some mildly interesting side stories floating around on the margins of the main Juliette and Donald arcs but nothing that riveted me like Wool and Shift. \n So ultimately I found this a chore to get through. I pressed on because I wanted closure. If this volume had been shorter overall, and paced better so the action wasn't just all bunched up at the end I would have found it much more engaging read. \n There is nothing here that retroactively tarnishes my enjoyment of Wool and Shift. As I mentioned I am actually pretty happy with how everything turned out, I just found the journey there tedious. I am still interested in Hugh Howey as an author. Honestly I am not even 100% sure why this didn't work for me like the other stories did.
-1 2.5 stars. Judging this relatively, Sycamore Row is an improvement over Grisham's last horrid book but well below the standard set by A Time to Kill. This is ultimately kind of blah. It is a surprisingly slow read: the stakes never feel particularly high despite the large sums of the money involved. The pace of the story telling is very slow in the first half, with an overabundance of unnecessary detail and little plot progression. The second half picks up and becomes at least mildly entertaining if not thrilling or suspenseful. The ending is predictable and overly tidy. \n The Testament is a better book about a disputed will by the same author.
-1 At times this book is quite good. However it is also exhaustingly repetitious and by the end of it I couldn't bare the protagonist's constant pissing and moaning and unearned dissatisfaction any more. \n Adichie writes great prose and I liked the first half of this book. The author has a keen eye for using small, mundane details to reveal deeper truths about people and situations. At least initially, this book felt insightful and authentic and I was really into it. \n Eventually though this book just wore me out and squandered much of its sizable potential. It doesn't have much of a plot and the characters don't change or have narrative arcs. Potential characters and plots are abruptly introduced and just as abruptly dropped in a slipshod way. Characters just stand around and have endless conversations about race and politics that are sometimes well written (when they are not stilted and contrived), often accurate but not as groundbreaking or original as the author seems to think they are. If this book had been much shorter I wouldn't have minded this narrative aimlessness and lack of character development but I expect more from a book that is almost 500 pages long. Any good points were just beaten into the ground long before the book ended. \n Frankly I also found the protagonist Ifemelu pretty insufferable too as the book wore on. She is a self righteous hypocritical scold who sneers and whines her way through a life of cushy jobs, doting boyfriends and financial stability. At times having such a judgmental protagonist works because we the audience get the benefit of the extremely critical, analytical eye that Ifemelu directs towards everyone (but never herself of course) but this too proves wearying as the book progresses. \n I don't have a problem with unsympathetic characters per se. I have loved books about people far more despicable than the obnoxious Ifemulu. However there were several things that worked against the character development here. First, Ifemulu is a totally static character. Her perspective never changes despite what happens to her. Secondly she has a pretty easy life so the constant resentment seems totally unearned. Thirdly, no one ever calls Ifemelu on anything and she is never placed in the position of being wrong or being denied anything she wants. I have no doubt the author intended me to find Ifemelu 100% in the right in every situation which is frustrating and dull storytelling. Ironically by trying to create a flawless character Adichie created a badly flawed and poorly designed one. \n It was depressing that a book with such a strong beginning and such flashes of promise ended up just spinning its wheels and growing increasingly stale as it proceeded. There are some stretches are sharp, clever observational writing here but it is drowning in filler.
-1 This book did a great job at vivid description and imagery. I got a real visceral sense of life in the Winter Palace. However, despite the title of the book, Catherine the Great is not as well developed a character as I would have liked. Most of the book covers the reign of her predecessor Empress Elizabeth, who is actually rendered more interestingly. Because this story is told from Varvara's first person perspective we are only privy to the knowledge she has, which inhibits some of the other characterizations. There also wasn't as much tension or danger in the narrative as I expected given the protagonist is a long term spy with plenty of enemies and competitors at court. Still a good, fun read but not quite operating at full potential.
-1 Sometimes you want a book to be good so much you stick with it even though it sucks. That was the story of me and The Kitchen House. I thought the premise had a lot of potential, and I got invested enough in what it could have been that I stuck with it despite how shallow, flat, inauthentic and unsatisfying the whole thing was. \n Most of the book is narrated from the first person perspective of the pathologically oblivious Lavinia. Because of her youth and general stupidity she is a terrible point of view character. None of the other characters manage to be even two dimensional when viewed through her insipid eyes. Belle's point of view chapters are too short/sporadic to add anything of value to the text. \n In addition to the uniformly poor characterizations this book also featured a hackneyed and predictable plot where pivotal moments are brushed over. Almost every major plot development felt totally unrealistic. \n This just doesn't work at all. Don't read it.
-1 I really liked this book at first but as it went on I found it overwritten and meandering and just exhausting. I made it through 300 pages but I just can't bring myself to finish.
-1 I give this book a lot of points for ingenuity even though I don't think it totally worked. This book is stylistically unique for good and for ill. \n To start with the good: Having death narrate the story and periodically interject information was a device that bothered me initially but really paid off as the novel progressed. Death's narrative voice was compellingly rendered and really grabbed me. This was a great way to frame the story of Liesel. There is also some great imagery here and some of the supporting characters are well drawn and interesting (Liesel herself remains a bit of a cipher however). \n Now the bad: Zusak has a very unusual way of crafting prose. When it works, it works very well. However, I found often times his writing style came off as maladroit. By this I mean word choice and sentence structure in this book often read like something that has been badly translated from one language into another (As I started reading I googled the author, sure that either English was not his first language or that this had been inexpertly translated from another language into English. Neither of these things are the case). \n Some examples of what I mean by weird word choices: descriptive phrases used in this book include \"dark chocolate skies\" and \"breakfast colored suns,\" people cry \"yellow tears\" and have \"lemon colored\" or \"elastic\" hair and \"cardboard\" faces. People \"olden\" or suffer from \"oldening\" and \"abusages\" rather than abuse. Even when descriptive language is not problematic, it is employed over and over again with no variation. For example, the mayor's wife is characterized as having fluffy hair. Almost every time we see her some comment is made about her fluffy hair. At some point we should either stop hearing about her hair or, if it merits so much attention, let's vary the word choice a bit and employ a word besides fluffy. \n For a book that is all about the power of words, an irritating prose style is particularly problematic. I was often pulled out of the narrative by the author's weird and kind of ugly writing style. It was a persistent problem from beginning to end. \n This book is still worth reading, but you might do some eye rolling at the stylistic choices made here as I did. As I previously mentioned, Liesel herself is also kind of a bland protagonist.
-1 Normally I save one star reviews for books that I think have no redeeming value. In fairness to the Goldfinch I liked probably the first 40% of the book: the beginning of the book leading up to and including the terrorist attack and aftermath was well written, and I was intrigued by Theo and Boris's relationship in Las Vegas (though even this runs long and Boris is a pretty fantastical character). I was even initially interested in Theo's return to New York and furniture store apprenticeship. \n Despite these strengths this book only gets one star from me because its obscene bloat slowly but surely killed any interest in or enjoyment of the story. I regret picking this up. It is not worth slogging through the hundreds of pages of tedium and ridiculousness and self indulgence. I would have been much better off just abandoning the book at the halfway point. \n A good editor could have excavated a good 350 page novel out of this material. I have no problem with long books per se. Some stories are complex enough to require 700, 800 or even more pages to tell them well. This is a very simple story that has been padded out to the point where it becomes unbearable. \n Also the later plot elements are just really stupid. Really, really, really stupid. \n I am not one of those people who feels the need to finish every book I start. I have no problem abandoning a book that isn't working for me. However, for a variety of reasons sometimes I do push on even when I don't like a book. I made the mistake of slogging through this book and so now I lament the time I wasted reading this. I can't even appreciate what this book did right because I am so frustrated with how little this book ultimately had to offer, so frustrated with Tartt for inflicting hundreds of pages of aimless word vomit on me and frustrated with myself for ignoring earlier impulses to quit the book. \n What a letdown.
-1 Lordy this book was awful. I was so bewildered by the creative choices Sittenfeld made here that I couldn't put the book down, but I derived no pleasure from it. \n Most of this book is crushingly tedious. Page after page of drab nothing. You will know what these characters eat and where they shop and what TV shows they watch and what they wear and when they sleep. Most of the narrative reads like an exceptionally dull Facebook newsfeed. There are authors who can make magic out of the humdrum daily rhythms of suburbia: Tom Perrotta, Jonathan Tropper, Meg Woltizer. Sittenfeld is not one if them. \n The psychic powers that supposedly drive the plot and profoundly shape twin sisters Daisy/Kate and Vi are laughably underdeveloped. Apparently in this universe being psychic means you have some vague hunches that are right sometimes ( seriously I and everyone I know am psychic by this novel's criteria). Nothing remotely interesting is done with these supposed psychic gifts. \n There were so many cool things this book could have done with the concept of psychic twins from a cold, dysfunctional family; one who is driven to abandon their gift and one who cultivates it. I think that's why, no matter how I much I hated this I kept reading. I couldn't believe how horrendously the cool concept was being squandered. Part of me kept thinking, maybe the next chapter will finally do something. \n The plot counts down to an earthquake Vi predicts will occur, to the skepticism of the scientific community. When the fateful day of the proposed quake arrives the book ceases to be merely dull and instead becomes aggravating and totally implausible. The last fifty pages seem like they come from a completely different, yet equally lame manuscript. \n Spare yourself the trouble of reading this I implore you. There is nothing here to stimulate your intellect or emotions. Every turn of the plot or character interaction is either mind numbingly dull or totally inauthentic (and sometimes both at once!) Remember friends when you stare into the abyss the abyss stares back. Don't get sucked into this void.
-1 3.5 stars. This is my favorite book of the three so far. I was very intrigued by the Crippled God and the mythology introduced in this volume. As was the case in book two, the incredibly large ensemble cast has some vivid and interesting characters and many totally generic soldiers.
-1 Meh. Not awful but far duller than it should have been. Despite the presence of a crazed serial killer directly menacing our characters there is a curious lack of conflict here. The plot is too straightforward, lacking the twists and turns the reader expects in a mystery, and the world building (historical and fantastical) is way too thin. This doesn't read like historical fiction at all. None of the characters seem like people from 1915. And the ghost element is totally half baked. There's just not a lot to this story.
-1 This book is an improvement over Gardens of the Moon. I found that volume consistently incomprehensible and populated by bland, poorly developed characters. I am happy to say that this book made great strides in overcoming these problems. While I am not going to say I was never confused reading this book generally speaking it was a lot easier to follow what was going on and why. That doesn't mean this book is simplistic because it is certainly not. As dense and complex as its plots were, I could really engage with this text in a way I rarely could with the first. \n Also, this book introduced some vivid and compelling characters. The Bridgeburners still come off as ciphers to me (a few of them carry over from book one) but I was really captivated and at times moved by many of the new characters. Since these new characters actually had distinctive voices and personalities I was better able to follow the byzantine mechanics of the plot. \n Erikson's prose was really working for me this time out as well. His descriptions are very vivid and cinematic and I really liked how he used more (though admittedly still not a lot of) internal monologue this time out. \n There are a few plot twists feel that feel contrived, probably because Erikson never tells you the rules of the game so to speak, and this book definitely overuses the warrens, but I am now a lot more intrigued than annoyed by Erikson's world.
-1 This book is the definition of a 3 star read: good enough to justify the time spent reading it but nothing special. The writer creates atmosphere well and there is some interesting commentary on class, Southern mores and familial dysfunction. However I think the plot and characterization were hampered by the way the story was told. Thea, the shamed 15 year old protagonist, narrates the story in first person as an adult. The first person narration means that readers don't get any insights into how other characters think and feel and the fact that Thea is so many years removed from the events of the story means that we don't get the emotional intensity and immediacy first person narration is supposed to provide. \n I thought the best parts of the story were the flashbacks, leading up to the scandal that led to Thea's banishment from the home, and Thea's reflections on her feelings. Thea's complicated relationship with her sexual awakening is probably the most fully developed and interesting part of the book. I thought the author did a good job showcasing the contradictory combination of insecurity and arrogance that teenagers often possess. \n The ending is rushed and anti-climactic. \n There's not too much horse stuff. I could not care less about horses and I was never bothered by the information the author included about riding.
-1 There's good, fun, creative fantasy weird and then there's lame, contrived, fantasy weird. I only read 60 pages of this but it seemed to fall into the latter category.
-1 The five loosely interconnected vignettes gathered here vary so wildly in quality it is hard to rate the book as a whole. This book chronicles four relationships at different stages of their development (from a quick affair to a forty year marriage), and through at least some of them hits on some pretty interesting points about how couples manage the joys and stresses of married life. These relationship narratives are framed by the sorry of Frances Gerety, the advertiser who coined the slogan \"Diamonds are Forever\". Here is how I would rank the sections in terms of quality, from best to worst: Evelyn/1972, James/1987, Frances 1947-88, Kate/2012, Delphine/2003. The best plot lines are really well developed, but the two weakest plots are tedious (Kate) and eye gougingly annoying (Delphine).
-1 I found the first half of this book underwhelming: I thought too much time was spent in the present, which was very generic chick lit, and some aspects of the time travel bugged me (how easily the men accepted the presence of a time traveling modern woman and how incurious they were about the future, how neither Eva or Daniel struggle much with time travel logistically and/or philosophically). However I must confess the second half of the book won me over with its charm and sweetness, despite the narrative problems. This books grows on you, and Eva and Daniel have a blessedly warm, non-annoying romance. It is sort of thin and shallow but also genuinely heartwarming so I give it three stars for the emotional engagement I felt with the second half of the narrative and for the beautiful descriptions of Cornwall.
-1 I can't believe Margaret Atwood wrote this. The 175 pages of this I read before I made the decision to abandon it were shockingly terrible. The first two books are so good, don't taint them by picking up this volume. Yikes.
-1 2.5 stars. A really mixed bag. I really liked the premise and how the plot developed but the characterizations and interpersonal relationships were pretty anemic. My interest in the world itself was piqued, I liked both the war of the gods backstory as well as the current descriptions of Sky and Darr, but I didn't connect to any of the characters or care about them. The dreamy, reflective first person narration (Yeine is recalling this story at some undetermined point in the future) was also something I blew hot and cold on.
-1 This is one of those books where as you read you're fully cognizant of narrative flaws (the implausibility of many plot points, the predictability of the twist ending, the way the author doesn't do more than skim the surface of her characters' psyches) but you just can't stop reading. A highly entertaining albeit superficial page turner.
-1 This book had consistently vivid and evocative imagery, some great scenes and it hinted at lots of cool stuff, but I also had some problems with it. \n At heart I found the spareness of the narrative underwhelming and the characters are more archetypes than people at this point. This feels more like a collection of stylish vignettes than a novel. This book left me wanting more in a way that was both pleasing and frustrating. Also, and I know these points seem contradictory, I don't think I have ever read another book that is as simultaneously simplistic and convoluted as this one. The plot is pretty bare bones, yet I had trouble following and understanding what was going on at times. \n This book teases at lots of interesting things to come later but it isn't very satisfying in its own right. I want to continue on with the series, where I trust I will get the depth I am looking for. I don't think this works very well as a standalone book, but I am intrigued enough about what this story could be to keep reading.
-1 This book is just barely worth reading despite its flaws. Some crazy stuff goes down in this book, and the way that these earth shattering events/activities are recalled with jaded boredom from the 14 year old protagonist is kind of interesting. However, this material needed to be dealt with in a longer novel, with more detail to do full justice to the subject matter. I never got a great sense of why this particular family operated the way it did, and since the story is told in first person narration, critical aspects of the other siblings' psyches remain unexamined. I can tell this book wants to be more than shock value for the sake of it but it is not very successful.
-1 Like the other Elizabeth Chadwick book I read (A Place Beyond Courage, about William Marshall's father) I found this really beautifully written and pleasingly descriptive. I love how immersed I feel in the time period. However, William Marshall is presented as a fairly two flat two dimensional goody goody character here. I also prefer my novels to contain more internal monologue from their protagonists. This book needed greater analysis of Marshall's inner life, his inner thoughts and feelings.
-1 Good lord this book is awful. It reads like a novelization of a particularly insipid Lifetime movie. I can't even fathom how this dreck got published. \n This book is a disaster in all respects. The characters are paper thin and uniformly obnoxious. They are each imbued with exactly one personality trait that is hammered into the ground (\"mom works!\" \"Daughter reads\" \"boy crazy best friend\"). The characters have no interior lives. None of these characters feel like people. They are some of the most underdeveloped characters I have ever read: to call them cardboard would be an insult to cardboard. \n This author's prose is also terrible. She has no flare with language at all. She eschews descriptive language of any kind, and her writing style (sentence structure and vocabulary) are grossly simplistic. A brain damaged seven year old could turn a better phrase than this author. Her dialogue is similarly tin eared. \n The plot is alternately super predictable and laughably contrived. There is no dramatic tension, only a maddening desire for the book to end. \n I am no book snob. I don't need literary greatness. I would have been plenty happy with this book if it was merely entertaining. Instead it is only highly irritating.", "date_added": "Mon Jun 17 21:14:31 -0700 2013
-1 This book rather derivative in parts and it lacks King's usual level of character development but it is still entertaining enough to be worth reading.
-1 Conceptually interesting but the execution was pretty flawed. This was a character study with underdeveloped characters. This book introduced a lot of interesting ideas and then dealt with them in a shallow fashion. As the book continued it became increasingly tedious and anti-climactic. The writing style was overly elliptical. This book kept teasing me with the potential of goodness and then not delivering.
-1 The second half of this book was good. It was entertaining in its own right and set up book three nicely. Too bad I had to slog through hundreds of pages of dull, poorly paced teen angst to get there.
-1 This is just terrible all around. The plot is stupid, the characters are bland cliches, and the writing itself is colorless and dull.
-1 Intriguing but also frustrating. This book was brimming with potential that it couldn't fully capitalize on. I was interested in Erikson's world but his deliberately obscure method of storytelling is wearying. As every other review likely mentions, this book plops you down in the middle of a very convoluted plot and provides no explanation/exposition. Structurally the book is very episodic; jumping between several plot lines already underway and a ridiculously large ensemble cast. Unfortunately, the cast of characters is so large character development is almost nonexistent and keeping track of who is who is a chore. Poor character development is a flaw in its own right and it also inhibited story and plot comprehension. Certain plot developments also seemed contrived and arbitrary because the author withholds so much information. \n This book was engaging in its flawed way and left me with a desire to know more about the world of the Malazan Empire but for me to continue the series I would need better character development and more narrative clarity from subsequent volumes.
-1 2.5 stars. There is a good short story here that has been unfortunately puffed out into novel length. The story/characterizations are very thin. This is the type of mildly entertaining work you read in an afternoon and forget a week later.
-1 This book started promisingly and showed flashes of promise throughout but most of it is a total train wreck. The plot was so melodramatic and implausible, the dialogue was consistently tin eared and fake, and the characters were for the most part either ciphers or unbearably obnoxious. This was seriously like every single after school special ever stuffed into a blender of suck. \n This is supposedly a story of deep friendships/relationships forged in high school in 1969 that endured for decades but these relationships are horribly rendered. All the characters seemed to spend all their time sniping at each other and spewing supposed \"witticisms.\" They were all annoying or bland. None of the platonic or romantic relationships are well drawn. The relationships felt so inauthentic that I couldn't help but wonder if the author is some kind of alien with no understanding of Earthlings actually interact with each other. \n Into this stew of toxic twerps the author tosses every hackneyed plot twist possible. Vague spoilers ahead: (view spoiler)[ do we really need to clumsily grapple with racism, homophobia, poverty, pedophilia, AIDS, infidelity, flamboyant and unbelievable serial killers, abortion, Catholicism, infidelity, suicide, all in one book and in the most maladroit fashion? <\\spoiler>. \n I am not one of those people that feels the need to finish a book that isn't working for me. I usually just abandon books I don't like without finishing them. Two things kept me reading this to the end: an interest piqued by the book's interesting beginning and a fascinated shock at the sheer ludicrousness of this tripe. (hide spoiler)]
-1 Good but uneven. I really liked sections of this book, but I also found it contrived in parts and it had a dull patch near the end. \n On the plus side I found the protagonist Phillipe Charboneau/Philip Kent interesting and engaging, and I liked the scope of this book. I found the supporting characters satisfactory as well. Each part of the character's journey from France to Kent to London to America made sense. The historical information about the approaching American Revolution was presented well, and I liked reading about things like 18th century print making and sea travel. Also, one of the two main romance plots in the book is pretty well done. \n To be more specific about the plot points I found less than compelling, (view spoiler)[I found the continual recurrence of antagonist Roger Amberly and his men, and the last act return of the protagonist's English paramour Alicia unsatisfying, as well as the final revelation that Kent's father was still alive. I would have much preferred if these characters had been confined to Book I. I really liked Book I, which described Philippe Charboneau's journey from France to England to reclaim his birthright after he is told he is the bastard son of a dying nobleman, but I didn't think the vengeance storyline between Roger and Philippe/Philip was strong enough to persist throughout the whole book. Likewise the romance storyline between Philip and Alicia, which seemed purely carnal in nature, did not ring true when it was briefly resurrected near the end of the book. (hide spoiler)] Since I have other books in the Kent Family Chronicles series I will probably at least give book two a shot.
-1 Not bad enough to dismiss entirely but not good enough to be consistently enjoyable. My main issue with this book is that is way too long for how thin the plot is. Relatedly, the world building here is quite shallow and unimpressive and the pacing is poor. There just wasn't enough information here about caster mythos, and the relationships casters build with each other and with the mortal world. Outside of the constant, monotonous hand wringing about Lena's impending \"claiming\" (where she will have to become a dark caster or a light caster) I get very little sense of what it means to be a caster, how caster magic works, how common or uncommon casters are, how they use their powers, etc. \n Part of the reason why this claiming plotline becomes unsatisfying is because the stakes feel very low until the very end of the book. Since the book's primary villain exists offstage until the climax (view spoiler)[ or at least seemingly offstage (hide spoiler)], and the secondary dark caster villain is laughably unintimidating, there is no sense of what the threat of becoming a dark actually means. Does becoming dark mean Lena will become homicidal, or just a brat with a fondness for lollipops (yes, this book features menacing lollipops)? What do adult light casters and dark casters actually do with themselves? Despite the characters incessant hand wringing about impending doom, the actual ramifications of \"going dark\" remain opaque throughout most of the book. \n Instead of fleshing out the fantasy elements, this book is larded with descriptive detail about the town of Gatlin and its denizens, and typical teenage problems. The coverage of Gatlin rednecks and cliched high school hijinks became super repetitive. \n As for the romance between the narrator Ethan and Lena, it is better than the execrable Twilight but it is still a too joyless and angsty to be convincing. \n Now I said this book isn't bad enough to dismiss outright. Here are some of the things I liked about it: \n 1. I really liked the way the authors handled the death of Ethan's mom and Ethan's thoughts/reactions. These parts of the book were quite poignant and well written \n 2. The second magical plotline (about an enchanted locket and a doomed pair of lovers during the Civil War) was good, and tied nicely into the main plot \n 3. Some of the supporting characters were well drawn \n In short, a deeply flawed book with flashes of promise.
-1 This book is awful. It is incredibly dull, lazy and implausible. It reads like it was banged out over a long weekend. The flat first person narration combined with the third grade reading level of the text totally flattens out all the characters, and the plot is undercooked. I do not recommend this at all, and I wouldn't have even bothered finishing it if it hadn't been written by an author whose has written many books I do like.
